Why are cats so weird?
Why do cats do that?
They're cute, they're lovable, and judging by the 26 billions views of over 2 million YouTube videos of them pouncing, bouncing, climbing, cramming, stalking, clawing, chattering, and purring, one thing is certain: cats are very entertaining. 
These somewhat strange feline behaviors, both amusing and baffling, leave many of us asking, "Why do cats do that?"
Throughout time, cats were simultaneously solitary predators of smaller animals and prey for larger carnivores. 
As both predator and prey, survival of their species depended on crucial instinctual behaviors which we still observe in wild and domestic cats today. 
While the feline actions of your house cat Grizmo might seem perplexing, in the wild, these same behaviors, naturally bred into cats for millions of years, would make Grizmo a super cat.
Enabled by their unique muscular structure and keen balancing abilities, cats climbed to high vantage points to survey their territory and spot prey in the wild. 
Grizmo doesn't need these particular skills to find and hunt down dinner in her food bowl today, but instinctually, viewing the living room from the top of the bookcase is exactly what she has evolved to do.
As wild predators, cats are opportunistic and hunt whenever prey is available. 
Since most cat prey are small, cats in the wild needed to eat many times each day, and use a stalk, pounce, kill, eat strategy to stay fed. 
This is why Grizmo prefers to chase and pounce on little toys and eat small meals over the course of the day and night. 
Also, small prey tend to hide in tiny spaces in their natural environments, so one explanation for Grizmo's propensity to reach into containers and openings is that she is compelled by the same curiosity that helped ensure the continuation of her species for millions of years before.
In the wild, cats needed sharp claws for climbing, hunting, and self-defense. 
Sharpening their claws on nearby surfaces kept them conditioned and ready, helped stretch their back and leg muscles, and relieve some stress, too. 
So, it's not that Grizmo hates your couch, chair, ottoman, pillows, curtains, and everything else you put in her environment. 
She's ripping these things to shreds and keeping her claws in tip-top shape because this is exactly what her ancestors did in order to survive.
As animals that were preyed upon, cats evolved to not get caught, and in the wild, the cats that were the best at avoiding predators thrived. 
So at your house today, Grizmo is an expert at squeezing into small spaces and seeking out and hiding in unconventional spots. 
It also explains why she prefers a clean and odor-free litter box. 
That's less likely to give away her location to any predators that may be sniffing around nearby.
Considering everything we do know about cats, it seems that one of their most predominate behaviors is still one of the most mysterious. 
Cats may purr for any number of reasons, such as happiness, stress, and hunger. 
But curiously, the frequency of their purrs, between 25 and 150 hertz, is within a range that can promote tissue regeneration. 
So while her purring makes Grizmo an excellent nap companion, it is also possible that her purr is healing her muscles and bones, and maybe even yours, too.
They developed through time as both solitary predators that hunted and killed to eat, and stealthy prey that hid and escaped to survive. 
So cats today retain many of the same instincts that allowed them to thrive in the wild for millions of years. 
This explains some of their seemingly strange behaviors. 
To them, our homes are their jungles. 
But if this is the case, in our own cat's eyes, who are we? Big, dumb, hairless cats competing with them for resources? 
Terribly stupid predators they're able to outsmart every day? 
Or maybe they think we're the prey.

The science of skin color
When ultraviolet sunlight hits our skin, it affects each of us a little differently. 
Depending on skin color, it will take only minutes of exposure to turn one person beetroot-pink, while another requires hours to experience the slightest change. 
So what's to account for that difference and how did our skin come to take on so many different hues to begin with?
Whatever the color, our skin tells an epic tale of human intrepidness and adaptability, revealing its variance to be a function of biology. 
It all centers around melanin, the pigment that gives skin and hair its color. 
This ingredient comes from skin cells called melanocytes and takes two basic forms. 
There's eumelanin, which gives rise to a range of brown skin tones, as well as black, brown, and blond hair, and pheomelanin, which causes the reddish browns of freckles and red hair. 
But humans weren't always like this. 
Our varying skin tones were formed by an evolutionary process driven by the Sun. 
In began some 50,000 years ago when our ancestors migrated north from Africa and into Europe and Asia.
These ancient humans lived between the Equator and the Tropic of Capricorn, a region saturated by the Sun's UV-carrying rays. 
When skin is exposed to UV for long periods of time, the UV light damages the DNA within our cells, and skin starts to burn. 
If that damage is severe enough, the cells mutations can lead to melanoma, a deadly cancer that forms in the skin's melanocytes.
Sunscreen as we know it today didn't exist 50,000 years ago. 
So how did our ancestors cope with this onslaught of UV? 
The key to survival lay in their own personal sunscreen manufactured beneath the skin: melanin.
The type and amount of melanin in your skin determines whether you'll be more or less protected fom the sun. 
This comes down to the skin's response as sunlight strikes it. 
When it's exposed to UV light, that triggers special light-sensitive receptors called rhodopsin, which stimulate the production of melanin to shield cells from damage. 
For light-skin people, that extra melanin darkens their skin and produces a tan.
Over the course of generations, humans living at the Sun-saturated latitudes in Africa adapted to have a higher melanin production threshold and more eumelanin, giving skin a darker tone. 
This built-in sun shield helped protect them from melanoma, likely making them evolutionarily fitter and capable of passing this useful trait on to new generations.
But soon, some of our Sun-adapted ancestors migrated northward out of the tropical zone, spreading far and wide across the Earth. 
The further north they traveled, the less direct sunshine they saw. 
This was a problem because although UV light can damage skin, it also has an important parallel benefit. 
UV helps our bodies produce vitamin D, an ingredient that strengthens bones and lets us absorb vital minerals, like calcium, iron, magnesium, phosphate, and zinc. 
Without it, humans experience serious fatigue and weakened bones that can cause a condition known as rickets.
For humans whose dark skin effectively blocked whatever sunlight there was, vitamin D deficiency would have posed a serious threat in the north. 
But some of them happened to produce less melanin. 
They were exposed to small enough amounts of light that melanoma was less likely, and their lighter skin better absorbed the UV light. 
So they benefited from vitamin D, developed strong bones, and survived well enough to produce healthy offspring. 
Over many generations of selection, skin color in those regions gradually lightened.
As a result of our ancestor's adaptability, today the planet is full of people with a vast palette of skin colors, typically, darker eumelanin-rich skin in the hot, sunny band around the Equator, and increasingly lighter pheomelanin-rich skin shades fanning outwards as the sunshine dwindles.
Therefore, skin color is little more than an adaptive trait for living on a rock that orbits the Sun. It may absorb light, but it certainly does not reflect character.

How playing an instrument benefits your brain
Did you know that every time musicians pick up their instruments, there are fireworks going off all over their brain?
On the outside, they may look calm and focused, reading the music and making the precise and practiced movements required. 
But inside their brains, there's a party going on. 
How do we know this? 
Well, in the last few decades, neuroscientists have made enormous breakthroughs in understanding how our brains work by monitoring them in real time with instruments like fMRI and PET scanners. 
When people are hooked up to these machines, tasks, such as reading or doing math problems, each have corresponding areas of the brain where activity can be observed. 
But when researchers got the participants to listen to music, they saw fireworks. 
Multiple areas of their brains were lighting up at once, as they processed the sound, took it apart to understand elements like melody and rhythm, and then put it all back together into unified musical experience. 
And our brains do all this work in the split second between when we first hear the music and when our foot starts to tap along. 
But when scientists turned from observing the brains of music listeners to those of musicians, the little backyard fireworks became a jubilee. 
It turns out that while listening to music engages the brain in some pretty interesting activities, playing music is the brain's equivalent of a full-body workout. 
The neuroscientists saw multiple areas of the brain light up, simultaneously processing different information in intricate, interrelated, and astonishingly fast sequences. 
But what is it about making music that sets the brain alight? 
The research is still fairly new, but neuroscientists have a pretty good idea. 
Playing a musical instrument engages practically every area of the brain at once, especially the visual, auditory, and motor cortices. 
As with any other workout, disciplined, structured practice in playing music strengthens those brain functions, allowing us to apply that strength to other activities. 
The most obvious difference between listening to music and playing it is that the latter requires fine motor skills, which are controlled in both hemispheres of the brain. 
It also combines the linguistic and mathematical precision, in which the left hemisphere is more involved, with the novel and creative content that the right excels in. 
For these reasons, playing music has been found to increase the volume and activity in the brain's corpus callosum, the bridge between the two hemispheres, allowing messages to get across the brain faster and through more diverse routes. 
This may allow musicians to solve problems more effectively and creatively, in both academic and social settings. 
Because making music also involves crafting and understanding its emotional content and message, musicians often have higher levels of executive function, a category of interlinked tasks that includes planning, strategizing, and attention to detail and requires simultaneous analysis of both cognitive and emotional aspects. 
This ability also has an impact on how our memory systems work. 
And, indeed, musicians exhibit enhanced memory functions, creating, storing, and retrieving memories more quickly and efficiently. 
Studies have found that musicians appear to use their highly connected brains to give each memory multiple tags, such as a conceptual tag, an emotional tag, an audio tag, and a contextual tag, like a good Internet search engine. 
How do we know that all these benefits are unique to music, as opposed to, say, sports or painting? 
Or could it be that people who go into music were already smarter to begin with? 
Neuroscientists have explored these issues, but so far, they have found that the artistic and aesthetic aspects of learning to play a musical instrument are different from any other activity studied, including other arts. 
And several randomized studies of participants, who showed the same levels of cognitive function and neural processing at the start, found that those who were exposed to a period of music learning showed enhancement in multiple brain areas, compared to the others. 
This recent research about the mental benefits of playing music has advanced our understanding of mental function, revealing the inner rhythms and complex interplay that make up the amazing orchestra of our brain.

The physics of the "hardest move" in ballet
In the third act of "Swan Lake," the Black Swan pulls off a seemingly endless series of turns, bobbing up and down on one pointed foot and spinning around, and around, and around 32 times. 
It's one of the toughest sequences in ballet, and for those thirty seconds or so, she's like a human top in perpetual motion. 
Those spectacular turns are called fouettés, which means "whipped" in French, describing the dancer's incredible ability to whip around without stopping. 
But while we're marveling at the fouetté, can we unravel its physics? 
The dancer starts the fouetté by pushing off with her foot to generate torque. 
But the hard part is maintaining the rotation. As she turns, friction between her pointe shoe and the floor, and somewhat between her body and the air, reduces her momentum. 
So how does she keep turning? 
Between each turn, the dancer pauses for a split second and faces the audience. 
Her supporting foot flattens, and then twists as it rises back onto pointe, pushing against the floor to generate a tiny amount of new torque. 
At the same time, her arms sweep open to help her keep her balance. 
The turns are most effective if her center of gravity stays constant, and a skilled dancer will be able to keep her turning axis vertical. 
The extended arms and torque-generating foot both help drive the fouetté. 
But the real secret and the reason you hardly notice the pause is that her other leg never stops moving. 
During her momentary pause, the dancer's elevated leg straightens and moves from the front to the side, before it folds back into her knee. 
By staying in motion, that leg is storing some of the momentum of the turn. 
When the leg comes back in towards the body, that stored momentum gets transferred back to the dancer's body, propelling her around as she rises back onto pointe. 
As the ballerina extends and retracts her leg with each turn, momentum travels back and forth between leg and body, keeping her in motion. 
A really good ballerina can get more than one turn out of every leg extension in one of two ways. 
First, she can extend her leg sooner. 
The longer the leg is extended, the more momentum it stores, and the more momentum it can return to the body when it's pulled back in. 
More angular momentum means she can make more turns before needing to replenish what was lost to friction. 
The other option is for the dancer to bring her arms or leg in closer to her body once she returns to pointe. 
Why does this work? 
Like every other turn in ballet, the fouetté is governed by angular momentum, which is equal to the dancer's angular velocity times her rotational inertia. 
And except for what's lost to friction, that angular momentum has to stay constant while the dancer is on pointe. 
That's called conservation of angular momentum. 
Now, rotational inertia can be thought of as a body's resistance to rotational motion. 
It increases when more mass is distributed further from the axis of rotation, and decreases when the mass is distributed closer to the axis of rotation. 
So as she brings her arms closer to her body, her rotational inertia shrinks. 
In order to conserve angular momentum, her angular velocity, the speed of her turn, has to increase, allowing the same amount of stored momentum to carry her through multiple turns. 
You've probably seen ice skaters do the same thing, spinning faster and faster by drawing in their arms and legs. 
In Tchaikovsky's ballet, the Black Swan is a sorceress, and her 32 captivating fouettés do seem almost supernatural. 
But it's not magic that  makes them possible. 
It's physics.

What would happen if you didn't sleep?
In 1965, 17-year-old high school student, Randy Gardner stayed awake for 264 hours. 
That's 11 days to see how he'd cope without sleep. On the second day, his eyes stopped focusing. 
Next, he lost the ability to identify objects by touch. 
By day three, Gardner was moody and uncoordinated. 
At the end of the experiment, he was struggling to concentrate, had trouble with short-term memory, became paranoid, and started hallucinating. 
Although Gardner recovered without long-term psychological or physical damage, for others, losing shuteye can result in hormonal imbalance, illness, and, in extreme cases, death. 
We're only beginning to understand why we sleep to begin with, but we do know it's essential. 
Adults need seven to eight hours of sleep a night, and adolescents need about ten. 
We grow sleepy due to signals from our body telling our brain we are tired, and signals from the environment telling us it's dark outside. 
The rise in sleep-inducing chemicals, like adenosine and melatonin, send us into a light doze that grows deeper, making our breathing and heart rate slow down and our muscles relax. 
This non-REM sleep is when DNA is repaired and our bodies replenish themselves for the day ahead. 
In the United States, it's estimated that 30% of adults and 66% of adolescents are regularly sleep-deprived. 
This isn't just a minor inconvenience. 
Staying awake can cause serious bodily harm. 
When we lose sleep, learning, memory, mood, and reaction time are affected. 
Sleeplessness may also cause inflammation, halluciations, high blood pressure, and it's even been linked to diabetes and obesity. 
In 2014, a devoted soccer fan died after staying awake for 48 hours to watch the World Cup. 
While his untimely death was due to a stroke, studies show that chronically sleeping fewer than six hours a night increases stroke risk by four and half times compared to those getting a consistent seven to eight hours of shuteye. 
For a handful of people on the planet who carry a rare inherited genetic mutation, sleeplessness is a daily reality. 
This condition, known as Fatal Familial Insomnia, places the body in a nightmarish state of wakefulness, forbidding it from entering the sanctuary of sleep. 
Within months or years, this progressively worsening condition leads to dementia and death. 
How can sleep deprivation cause such immense suffering? 
Scientists think the answer lies with the accumulation of waste prducts in the brain. 
During our waking hours, our cells are busy using up our day's energy sources, which get broken down into various byproducts, including adenosine. 
As adenosine builds up, it increases the urge to sleep, also known as sleep pressure. 
In fact, caffeine works by blocking adenosine's receptor pathways. 
Other waste products also build up in the brain, and if they're not cleared away, they collectively overload the brain and are thought to lead to the many negative symptoms of sleep deprivation. 
So, what's happening in our brain when we sleep to prevent this? 
Scientists found something called the glymphatic system, a clean-up mechanism that removes this buildup and is much more active when we're asleep. 
It works by using cerebrospinal fluid to flush away toxic byproducts that accumulate between cells. 
Lymphatic vessels, which serve as pathways for immune cells, have recently been discovered in the brain, and they may also play a role in clearing out the brain's daily waste products. 
While scientists continue exploring the restorative mechanisms behind sleep, we can be sure that slipping into slumber is a necessity if we want to maintain our health and our sanity.

Why should you listen to Vivaldi's "Four Seasons"?
Light, bright, and cheerful. 
It's some of the most familiar of all early 18th century music. 
It's been featured in uncounted films and television commercials, but what is it and why does it sound that way? 
This is the opening of "Spring" from "The Four Seasons," by Italian composer Antonio Vivaldi. 
"The Four Seasons" are famous in part because they are a delight to the ear. However, even more notable is the fact that they have stories to tell. 
At the time of their publication in Amsterdam in 1725, they were accompanied by poems describing exactly what feature of that season Vivaldi intended to capture in musical terms. 
In providing specific plot content for instrumental music, Vivaldi was generations ahead of his time. 
If one were to read the poems simultaneously to hearing the music, one would find the poetic scenes synchronizing nicely with the musical imagery. 
We are told that the birds welcome spring with happy song, and here they are doing exactly that. 
Soon, however, a thunderstorm breaks out. 
Not only is there musical thunder and lightning, there are also more birds, wet, frightened, and unhappy. 
In "Summer," the turtle dove sings her name "tortorella" in Italian, before a hail storm flattens the fields. 
"Autumn" brings eager hunters dashing out in pursuit of their prey. 
The "Winter" concerto begins with teeth chattering in the cold before one takes refuge by a crackling fire. 
Then it's back out into the storm where there'll be slips and falls on the ice. 
In these first weeks of winter, the old year is coming to a close, and so does Vivaldi's musical exploration of the seasons. 
Not until the early 19th century would such expressive instrumental program music, as it was known, become popular. 
By then, larger, more varied ensembles were the rule with woodwinds, brass, and percussion to help tell the tale. 
But Vivaldi pulled it off with just one violin, strings, and a harpsichord. 
Unlike his contemporary Bach, Vivaldi wasn't much interested in complicated fugues. 
He preferred to offer readily accessible entertainment to his listeners with melodies that pop back up later in a piece to remind us of where we've been. 
So the first movement of the "Spring" concerto begins with a theme for spring and ends with it, too, slightly varied from when it was last heard. 
It was an inspired way to attract listeners, and Vivaldi, considered one of the most electrifying violinists of the early 18th century, understood the value of attracting audiences. 
Such concerts might feature himself as the star violinist. Others presented the young musicians of the Pietà, a Venetian girls' school where Vivaldi was Director of Music. 
Most of the students were orphans. Music training was intended not only as social skills suitable for young ladies but also as potential careers for those who might fail to make good marriages. 
Even in the composer's own time, Vivaldi's music served as diversion for all, not just for the wealthy aristocrats. 
300 years later, it's an approach that still works, and Vivaldi's music still sounds like trotting horses on the move.

What gives a dollar bill its value?
If you tried to pay for something with a piece of paper, you might run into some trouble. 
Unless, of course, the piece of paper was a hundred dollar bill. 
But what is it that makes that bill so much more interesting and valuable than other pieces of paper? 
After all, there's not much you can do with it. 
You can't eat it. 
You can't build things with it. 
And burning it is actually illegal. 
So what's the big deal? Of course, you probably know the answer. 
A hundred dollar bill is printed by the government and designated as official currency, while other pieces of paper are not. 
But that's just what makes them legal. 
What makes a hundred dollar bill valuable, on the other hand, is how many or few of them are around. 
Throughout history, most currency, including the US dollar, was linked to valuable commodities and the amount of it in circulation depended on a government's gold or silver reserves. 
But after the US abolished this system in 1971, the dollar became what is known as fiat money, meaning not linked to any external resource but relying instead solely on government policy to decide how much currency to print. 
Which branch of our government sets this policy? 
The Executive, the Legislative, or the Judicial? 
The surprising answer is: none of the above! 
In fact, monetary policy is set by an independent Federal Reserve System, or the Fed, made up of 12 regional banks in major cities around the country. 
Its board of governors, which is appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate, reports to Congress, and all the Fed's profit goes into the US Treasury. 
But to keep the Fed from being influenced by the day-to-day vicissitudes of politics, it is not under the direct control of any branch of government. 
Why doesn't the Fed just decide to print infinite hundred dollar bills to make everyone happy and rich? Well, because then the bills wouldn't be worth anything. 
Think about the purpose of currency, which is to be exchanged for goods and services. 
If the total amount of currency in circulation increases faster than the total value of goods and services in the economy, then each individual piece will be able to buy a smaller portion of those things than before. 
This is called inflation. 
On the other hand, if the money supply remains the same, while more goods and services are produced, each dollar's value would increase in a process known as deflation. 
So which is worse? 
Too much inflation means that the money in your wallet today will be worth less tomorrow, making you want to spend it right away. 
While this would stimulate business, it would also encourage overconsumption, or hoarding commodities, like food and fuel, raising their prices and leading to consumer shortages and even more inflation. 
But deflation would make people want to hold onto their money, and a decrease in consumer spending would reduce business profits, leading to more unemployment and a further decrease in spending, causing the economy to keep shrinking. 
So most economists believe that while too much of either is dangerous, a small, consistent amount of inflation is necessary to encourage economic growth. 
The Fed uses vast amounts of economic data to determine how much currency should be in circulation, including previous rates of inflation, international trends, and the unemployment rate. 
Like in the story of Goldilocks, they need to get the numbers just right in order to stimulate growth and keep people employed, without letting inflation reach disruptive levels. 
The Fed not only determines how much that paper in your wallet is worth but also your chances of getting or keeping the job where you earn it.

Would you sacrifice one person to save five?
Imagine you're watching a runaway trolley barreling down the tracks straight towards five workers who can't escape. 
You happen to be standing next to a switch that will divert the trolley onto a second track. 
Here's the problem. 
That track has a worker on it, too, but just one. 
What do you do? 
Do you sacrifice one person to save five? 
This is the trolley problem, a version of an ethical dilemma that philosopher Philippa Foot devised in 1967. 
It's popular because it forces us to think about how to choose when there are no good choices. 
Do we pick the action with the best outcome or stick to a moral code that prohibits causing someone's death? 
In one survey, about 90% of respondents said that it's okay to flip the switch, letting one worker die to save five, and other studies, including a virtual reality simulation of the dilemma, have found similar results. 
These judgments are consistent with the philosophical principle of utilitarianism which argues that the morally correct decision is the one that maximizes well-being for the greatest number of people. 
The five lives outweigh one, even if achieving that outcome requires condemning someone to death. 
But people don't always take the utilitarian view, which we can see by changing the trolley problem a bit. 
This time, you're standing on a bridge over the track as the runaway trolley approaches. 
Now there's no second track, but there is a very large man  on the bridge next to you. 
If you push him over, his body will stop the trolley, saving the five workers, but he'll die. 
To utilitarians, the decision is exactly the same, lose one life to save five. 
But in this case, only about 10% of people say that it's OK to throw the man onto the tracks. 
Our instincts tell us that deliberately causing someone's death is different than allowing them to die as collateral damage. 
It just feels wrong for reasons that are hard to explain. 
This intersection between ethics and psychology is what's so interesting about the trolley problem. 
The dilemma in its many variations reveal that what we think is right or wrong depends on factors other than a logical weighing of the pros and cons. 
For example, men are more likely than women to say it's okay to push the man over the bridge. 
So are people who watch a comedy clip before doing the thought experiment. 
And in one virtual reality study, people were more willing to sacrifice men than women. 
Researchers have studied the brain activity of people thinking through the classic and bridge versions. 
Both scenarios activate areas of the brain involved in conscious decision-making and emotional responses. 
But in the bridge version, the emotional response is much stronger. 
So is activity in an area of the brain associated with processing internal conflict. 
Why the difference? 
One explanation is that pushing someone to their death feels more personal, activating an emotional aversion to killing another person, but we feel conflicted because we know it's still the logical choice. 
"Trolleyology" has been criticized by some philosophers and psychologists. 
They argue that it doesn't reveal anything because its premise is so unrealistic that study participants don't take it seriously. 
But new technology is making this kind of ethical analysis more important than ever. 
For example, driver-less cars may have to handle choices like causing a small accident to prevent a larger one. 
Meanwhile, governments are researching autonomous military drones that could wind up making decisions of whether they'll risk civilian casualties to attack a high-value target. 
If we want these actions to be ethical, we have to decide in advance how to value human life and judge the greater good. 
So researchers who study autonomous systems are collaborating with philosophers to address the complex problem of programming ethics into machines, which goes to show that even hypothetical dilemmas can wind up on a collision course with the real world.

What really happens to the plastic you throw away?
This is the story of three plastic bottles, empty and discarded. 
Their journeys are about to diverge with outcomes that impact nothing less than the fate of the planet. 
But they weren't always this way. 
To understand where these bottles end up, we must first explore their origins. 
The heroes of our story were conceived in this oil refinery.
The plastic in their bodies was formed by chemically bonding oil and gas molecules together to make monomers. 
In turn, these monomers were bonded into long polymer chains to make plastic in the form of millions of pellets. 
Those were melted at manufacturing plants and reformed in molds to create the resilient material that makes up the triplets' bodies. 
Machines filled the bottles with sweet bubbily liquid and they were then wrapped, shipped, bought, opened, consumed and unceremoniously discarded. 
And now here they lie, poised at the edge of the unknown. Bottle one, like hundreds of millions of tons of his plastic brethren, ends up in a landfill. 
This huge dump expands each day as more trash comes in and continues to take up space. 
As plastics sit there being compressed amongst layers of other junk, rainwater flows through the waste and absorbs the water-soluble compounds it contains, and some of those are highly toxic. 
Together, they create a harmful stew called leachate, which can move into groundwater, soil and streams, poisoning ecosystems and harming wildlife. It can take bottle one an agonizing 1,000 years to decompose. 
Bottle two's journey is stranger but, unfortunately, no happier. 
He floats on a trickle that reaches a stream, a stream that flows into a river, and a river that reaches the ocean. 
After months lost at sea, he's slowly drawn into a massive vortex, where trash accumulates, a place known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. 
Here the ocean's currents have trapped millions of pieces of plastic debris. 
This is one of five plastic-filled gyres in the world's seas. 
Places where the pollutants turn the water into a cloudy plastic soup. 
Some animals, like seabirds, get entangled in the mess. 
They, and others, mistake the brightly colored plastic bits for food. 
Plastic makes them feel full when they're not, so they starve to death and pass the toxins from the plastic up the food chain. 
For example, it's eaten by lanternfish, the lanternfish are eaten by squid, the squid are eaten by tuna, and the tuna are eaten by us. 
And most plastics don't biodegrade, which means they're destined to break down into smaller and smaller pieces called micro plastics, which might rotate in the sea eternally. 
But bottle three is spared the cruel purgatories of his brothers. 
A truck brings him to a plant where he and his companions are squeezed flat and compressed into a block. 
Okay, this sounds pretty bad, too, but hang in there. It gets better. 
The blocks are shredded into tiny pieces, which are washed and melted, so they become the raw materials that can be used again. 
As if by magic, bottle three is now ready to be reborn as something completely new. 
For this bit of plastic with such humble origins, suddenly the sky is the limit.

How to understand power
Every day of your life, you move through systems of power that other people made. 
Do you sense them? 
Do you understand power?
Do you realize why it matters?
Power is something we are often uncomfortable talking about.
That's especially true in civic life, how we live together in community. 
In a democracy, power is supposed to reside with the people, period. 
Any further talk about power and who really has it seems a little dirty, maybe even evil. 
But power is no more inherently good or evil than fire or physics. 
It just is. 
It governs how any form of government works. 
It determines who gets to determine the rules of the game. 
So learning how power operates is key to being effective, being taken seriously, and not being taken advantage of. 
In this lesson, we'll look at where power comes from, how it's exercised and what you can do to become more powerful in public life. 
Let's start with a basic definition. 
Power is the ability to make others do what you would have them do. 
Of course, this plays out in all arenas of life, from family to the workplace to our relationships. 
Our focus is on the civic arena, where power means getting a community to make the choices and to take the actions that you want. 
There are six main sources of civic power. 
First, there's physical force and a capacity for violence. 
Control of the means of force, whether in the police or a militia, is power at its most primal. 
A second core source  of power is wealth. 
Money creates the ability to buy results and to buy almost any other kind of power. 
The third form of power is state action, government. 
This is the use of law and bureaucracy to compel people to do or not do certain things. 
In a democracy, for example, we the people, theoretically, give government its power through elections. 
In a dictatorship, state power emerges from the threat of force, not the consent of the governed. 
The fourth type of power is social norms or what other people think is okay. 
Norms don't have the centralized machinery of government. 
They operate in a softer way, peer to peer. 
They can certainly make people change behavior and even change laws. 
Think about how norms around marriage equality today are evolving. 
The fifth form of power is ideas. 
An idea, individual liberties, say, or racial equality, can generate boundless amounts of power if it motivates enough people to change their thinking and actions. 
And so the sixth source of power is numbers, lots of humans. 
A vocal mass of people creates power by expressing collective intensity of interest and by asserting legitimacy. 
Think of the Arab Spring or the rise of the Tea Party. 
Crowds count. 
These are the six main sources of power, what power is. 
So now, let's think about how power operates. 
There are three laws of power worth examining. 
Law number one: power is never static. 
It's always either accumulating or decaying in a civic arena. 
So if you aren't taking action, you're being acted upon. 
Law number two: power is like water. 
It flows like a current through everyday life. 
Politics is the work of harnessing that flow in a direction you prefer. 
Policymaking is an effort to freeze and perpetuate a particular flow of power. 
Policy is power frozen. 
Law number three: power compounds. 
Power begets more power, and so does powerlessness. 
The only thing that keeps law number three from leading to a situation where only one person has all the power is how we apply laws one and two. 
What rules do we set up so that a few people don't accumulate too much power, and so that they can't enshrine their privilege in policy? 
That's the question of democracy, and you can see each of these laws at work in any news story. 
Low wage workers organize to get higher pay. 
Oil companies push to get a big pipeline approved. 
Gay and lesbian couples seek the legal right to marry. 
Urban parents demand school vouchers. 
You may support these efforts or not. 
Whether you get what you want depends on how adept you are with power, which brings us finally to what you can do to become more powerful in public life. 
Here, it's useful to think in terms of literacy. 
Your challenge is to learn how to read power and write power. 
To read power means to pay attention to as many texts of power as you can. 
I don't mean books only. 
I mean seeing society as a set of texts. 
Don't like how things are in your campus or city or country? 
Map out who has what kind of power, arrayed in what systems. 
Understand why it turned out this way, who's made it so, and who wants to keep it so. 
Study the strategies others in such situations used: frontal attack or indirection, coalitions or charismatic authority. 
Read so you may write. 
To write power requires first that you believe you have the right to write, to be an author of change. 
You do. 
As with any kind of writing, you learn to express yourself, speak up in a voice that's authentic. 
Organize your ideas,  then organize other people. 
Practice consensus building. 
Practice conflict. 
As with writing, it's all about practice. 
Every day you have a chance to practice, in your neighborhood and beyond. 
Set objectives, then bigger ones. 
Watch the patterns, see what works. 
Adapt, repeat. 
This is citizenship. 
In this short lesson, we've explored where civic power comes from, how it works and what you can do to exercise it. 
One big question remaining is the "why" of power. 
Do you want power to benefit everyone or only you? 
Are your purposes pro-social or anti-social? 
This question isn't about strategy. 
It's about character, and that's another set of lessons. 
But remember this: Power plus character equals a great citizen, and you have the power to be one.

What is bipolar disorder
What is bipolar disorder? 
The word bipolar means two extremes. 
For the many millions experiencing bipolar disorder around the world, life is split between two different realities - elation and depression. 
Although there are many variations of bipolar disorder, let's consider a couple. 
Type 1 has extreme highs alongside the lows, while Type 2 involves briefer, less extreme periods of elation interspersed with long periods of depression. 
For someone seesawing between emotional states, it can feel impossible to find the balance necessary to lead a healthy life. 
Type 1's extreme highs are known as manic episodes, and they can make a person range from feeling irritable to invincible. 
But these euphoric episodes exceed ordinary feelings of joy, causing troubling symptoms like racing thoughts, sleeplessness, rapid speech, impuslive actions, and risky behaviors. 
Without treatment, these episodes become more frequent, intense, and take longer to subside. 
The depressed phase of bipolar disorder manifests in many ways - a low mood, dwindling interest in hobbies, changes in appetite, feeling worthless or excessively guilty, sleeping either too much or too little, restlessness or slowness, or persistent thoughts of suicide. 
Worldwide, about one to three percent of adults experience the broad range of symptoms that indicate bipolar disorder. 
Most of those people are functional, contributing members of society, and their lives, choices, and relationships aren't defined by the disorder, but still, for many, the consequences are serious. 
The illness can undermine educational and professional performance, relationships, financial security, and personal safety. 
So what causes bipolar disorder? 
Researchers think a key player is the brain's intricate wiring. 
Healthy brains maintain strong connections between neurons thanks to the brain's continuous efforts to prune itself and remove unused or faulty neural connections. 
This process is important because our neural pathways serve as a map for everything we do. 
Using functional magnetic resonance imaging, scientists have discovered that the brain's pruning ability is disrupted in people with bipolar disorder. 
That means their neurons go haywire and create a network that's impossible to navigate. 
With only confusing signals as a guide, people with bipolar disorder develop abnormal thoughts and behaviors. 
Also, psychotic symptoms, like disorganized speech and behavior, delusional thoughts, paranoia, and hallucinations can emerge during extreme phases of bipolar disorder. 
This is attributed to the overabundance of a neurotransmitter called dopamine. 
But despite these insights, we can't pin bipolar disorder down to a single cause. 
In reality, it's a complex problem. 
For example, the brain's amygdala is involved in thinking, long-term memory, and emotional processing. 
In this brain region, factors as varied as genetics and social trauma may create abnormalities and trigger the symptoms of bipolar disorder. 
The condition tends to run in families, so we do know that genetics have a lot to do with it. 
But that doesn't mean there's a single bipolar gene. 
In fact, the likelihood of developing bipolar disorder is driven by the interactions between many genes in a complicated recipe we're still trying to understand. 
The causes are complex, and consequently, diagnosing and living with bipolar disorder is a challenge. 
Despite this, the disorder is controllable. 
Certain medications like lithium can help manage risky thoughts and behaviors by stabilizing moods. 
These mood stabilizing medications work by decreasing abnormal activity in the brain, thereby strengthening the viable neural connections. 
Other frequently used medications include antipsychotics, which alter the effects of dopamine, and electroconvulsive therapy, which works like a carefully controlled seizure in the brain, is sometimes used as an emergency treatment. 
Some bipolar patients reject treatment because they're afraid it will dim their emotions and destroy their creativity. 
But modern psychiatry is actively trying to avoid that. 
Today, doctors work with patients on a case-by-case basis to administer a combination of treatments and therapies that allows them to live to their fullest possible potential. 
And beyond treatment, people with bipolar disorder can benefit from even simpler changes. 
Those include regular exercise, good sleep habits, and sobriety from drugs and alcohol, not to mention the acceptance and empathy of family and friends.
Remember, bipolar disorder is a medical condition, not a person's fault, or their whole identity, and it's something that can be controlled through a combination of medical treatments doing their work internally, friends and family fostering acceptance and understanding on the outside, and people with bipolar disorder empowering themselves to find balance in their lives.

Why it's so hard to cure HIV/AIDS
In 2008, something incredible happened: a man was cured of HIV. 
In over 70 million HIV cases, that was a first and, so far, a last. 
We don't yet understand exactly how he was cured. 
We can cure people of various diseases, such as malaria and hepatitis C, so why can't we cure HIV? 
Well, first let's examine how HIV infects people and progresses into AIDS. 
HIV spreads through exchanges of bodily fluids. 
Unprotected sex and contaminated needles are the leading cause of transmission. 
It, fortunately, cannot spread through air, water, or casual contact. 
Individuals of any age, sexual orientation, gender and race can contract HIV. 
Once inside the body, HIV infects cells that are part of the immune system. 
It particularly targets helper T cells, which help defend the body against bacterial and fungal infections. 
HIV is a retrovirus, which means it can write its genetic code into the genome of infected cells, co-opting them into making more copies of itself. 
During the first stage of HIV infection, the virus replicates within helper T cells, destroying many of them in the process. 
During this stage, patients often experience flu-like symptoms, but are typically not yet in mortal danger. 
However, for a period ranging from a few months to several years, during which time the patient may look and feel completely healthy, the virus continues to replicate and destroy T cells.
When T cell counts drop too low, patients are in serious danger of contracting deadly infections that healthy immune systems can normally handle. 
This stage of HIV infection is known as AIDS. 
The good news is there are drugs that are highly effective at managing levels of HIV and preventing T cell counts from getting low enough for the disease to progress to AIDS. 
With antiretroviral therapy, most HIV-positive people can expect to live long and healthy lives, and are much less likely to infect others. 
However, there are two major catches. 
One is that HIV-positive patients must keep taking their drugs for the rest of their lives. 
Without them, the virus can make a deadly comeback. 
So, how do these drugs work? 
The most commonly prescribed ones prevent the viral genome from being copied and incorporated into a host cell's DNA. 
Other drugs prevent the virus from maturing or assembling, causing HIV to be unable to infect new cells in the body. 
But HIV hides out somewhere our current drugs cannot reach it: inside the DNA of healthy T cells. 
Most T cells die shortly after being infected with HIV. 
But in a tiny percentage, the instructions for building more HIV viruses lies dormant, sometimes for years. 
So even if we could wipe out every HIV virus from an infected person's body, one of those T cells could activate and start spreading the virus again. 
The other major catch is that not everyone in the world has access to the therapies that could save their lives. In Sub-Saharan Africa, which accounts for over 70% of HIV patients worldwide, antiretrovirals reached only about one in three HIV-positive patients in 2012. 
There is no easy answer to this problem. 
A mix of political, economic and cultural barriers makes effective prevention and treatment difficult. 
And even in the U.S., HIV still claims more than 10,000 lives per year. 
However, there is ample cause for hope. 
Researchers may be closer than ever to developing a true cure. 
One research approach involves using a drug to activate all cells harboring the HIV genetic information. 
This would both destroy those cells and flush the virus out into the open, where our current drugs are effective. 
Another is looking to use genetic tools to cut the HIV DNA out of cells genomes altogether. 
And while one cure out of 70 million cases may seem like terrible odds, one is immeasurably better than zero. 
We now know that a cure is possible, and that may give us what we need to beat HIV for good.

Einstein's miracle year
As 1905 dawned, the soon-to-be 26-year-old Albert Einstein faced life as a failed academic. 
Most physicists of the time would have scoffed at the idea that this minor civil servant could have much to contribute to science. 
Yet within the following year, Einstein would publish not one, not two, not three, but four extraordinary papers, each on a different topic, that were destined to radically transform our understanding of the universe. 
The myth that Einstein had failed math is just that. 
He had mastered calculus on his own by the age of 15 and done well at both his Munich secondary school and at the Swiss Polytechnic, where he studied for a math and physics teaching diploma. 
But skipping classes to spend more time in the lab and neglecting to show proper deference to his professors had derailed his intended career path. 
Passed over even for a lab assistant position, he had to settle for a job at the Swiss patent office, obtained with the help of a friend's father. 
Working six days a week as a patent clerk, Einstein still managed to make some time for physics, discussing the latest work with a few close friends, and publishing a couple of minor papers. 
It came as a major surprise when in March 1905 he submitted a paper with a shocking hypothesis. 
Despite decades of evidence that light was a wave, Einstein proposed that it could, in fact, be a particle, showing that mysterious phenomena, such as the photoelectric effect, could be explained by his hypothesis. 
The idea was derided for years to come, but Einstein was simply twenty years ahead of his time. 
Wave-particle duality was slated to become a cornerstone of the quantum revolution. 
Two months later in May, Einstein submitted a second paper, this time tackling the centuries old question of whether atoms actually exist. 
Though certain theories were built on the idea of invisible atoms, some prominent scientists still believed them to be a useful fiction, rather than actual physical objects. 
But Einstein used an ingenious argument, showing that the behavior of small particles randomly moving around in a liquid, known as Brownian motion, could be precisely predicted by the collisions of millions of invisible atoms. 
Experiments soon confirmed Einstein's model, and atomic skeptics threw in the towel. 
The third paper came in June. 
For a long time, Einstein had been troubled by an inconsistency between two fundamental principles of physics. 
The well established principle of relativity, going all the way back to Galileo, stated that absolute motion could not be defined. 
Yet electromagnetic theory, also well established, asserted that absolute motion did exist. 
The discrepancy, and his inability to resolve it, left Einstein in what he described as a state of psychic tension. 
But one day in May, after he had mulled over the puzzle with his friend Michele Besso, the clouds parted. 
Einstein realized that the contradiction could be resolved if it was the speed of light that remained constant, regardless of reference frame, while both time and space were relative to the observer. 
It took Einstein only a few weeks to work out the details and formulate what came to be known as special relativity. 
The theory not only shattered our previous understanding of reality but would also pave the way for technologies, ranging from particle accelerators, to the global positioning system. 
One might think that this was enough, but in September, a fourth paper arrived as a "by the way" follow-up to the special relativity paper. 
Einstein had thought a little bit more about his theory, and realized it also implied that mass and energy, one apparently solid and the other supposedly ethereal, were actually equivalent. 
And their relationship could be expressed in what was to become the most famous and consequential equation in history: E=mc^2. 
Einstein would not become a world famous icon for nearly another fifteen years. 
It was only after his later general theory of relativity was confirmed in 1919 by measuring the bending of starlight during a solar eclipse that the press would turn him into a celebrity. 
But even if he had disappeared back into the patent office and accomplished nothing else after 1905, those four papers of his miracle year would have remained the gold standard of startling unexpected genius.

The unexpected math behind Van Gogh's "Starry Night"
One of the most remarkable aspects of the human brain is its ability to recognize patterns and describe them. 
Among the hardest patterns we've tried to understand is the concept of turbulent flow in fluid dynamics. 
The German physicist Werner Heisenberg said, "When I meet God, I'm going to ask him two questions: why relativity and why turbulence? 
I really believe he will have an answer for the first." 
As difficult as turbulence is to understand mathematically, we can use art to depict the way it looks. 
In June 1889, Vincent van Gogh painted the view just before sunrise from the window of his room at the Saint-Paul-de-Mausole asylum in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence, where he'd admitted himself after mutilating his own ear in a psychotic episode. 
In "The Starry Night," his circular brushstrokes create a night sky filled with swirling clouds and eddies of stars. 
Van Gogh and other Impressionists represented light in a different way than their predecessors, seeming to capture its motion, for instance, across sun-dappled waters, or here in star light that twinkles and melts through milky waves of blue night sky. 
The effect is caused by luminance, the intensity of the light in the colors on the canvas. 
The more primitive part of our visual cortex, which sees light contrast and motion, but not color, will blend two differently colored areas together if they have the same luminance. 
But our brains' primate subdivision will see the contrasting colors without blending. 
With these two interpretations happening at once, the light in many Impressionist works seems to pulse, flicker and radiate oddly. 
That's how this and other Impressionist works use quickly executed prominent brushstrokes to capture something strikingly real about how light moves. 
Sixty years later, Russian mathematician Andrey Kolmogorov furthered our mathematical understanding of turbulence when he proposed that energy in a turbulent fluid at length R varies in proportion to the 5/3rds power of R. 
Experimental measurements show Kolmogorov was remarkably close to the way turbulent flow works, although a complete description of turbulence remains one of the unsolved problems in physics. 
A turbulent flow is self-similar if there is an energy cascade. 
In other words, big eddies transfer their energy to smaller eddies, which do likewise at other scales. 
Examples of this include Jupiter's Great Red Spot, cloud formations and interstellar dust particles. 
In 2004, using the Hubble Space Telescope, scientists saw the eddies of a distant cloud of dust and gas around a star, and it reminded them of Van Gogh's "Starry Night." 
This motivated scientists from Mexico, Spain and England to study the luminance in Van Gogh's paintings in detail. 
They discovered that there is a distinct pattern of turbulent fluid structures close to Kolmogorov's equation hidden in many of Van Gogh's paintings. 
The researchers digitized the paintings, and measured how brightness varies between any two pixels. 
From the curves measured for pixel separations, they concluded that paintings from Van Gogh's period of psychotic agitation behave remarkably similar to fluid turbulence. 
His self-portrait with a pipe, from a calmer period in Van Gogh's life, showed no sign of this correspondence. 
And neither did other artists' work that seemed equally turbulent at first glance, like Munch's "The Scream." 
While it's too easy to say Van Gogh's turbulent genius enabled him to depict turbulence, it's also far too difficult to accurately express the rousing beauty of the fact that in a period of intense suffering, Van Gogh was somehow able to perceive and represent one of the most supremely difficult concepts nature has ever brought before mankind, and to unite his unique mind's eye with the deepest mysteries of movement, fluid and light.

What makes a hero?
What do Harry Potter, Katniss Everdeen, and Frodo all have in common with the heroes of ancient myths? 
(Roar) 
What if I told you they are all variants of the same hero? 
Do you believe that? 
Joseph Campbell did. 
He studied myths from all over the world and published a book called "The Hero with a Thousand Faces," retelling dozens of stories and explaining how each represents the mono-myth, or Hero's Journey.
So, what is the "hero's journey"?
Think of it as a cycle. 
The journey begins and ends in a hero's ordinary world, but the quest passes through an unfamiliar, special world. 
Along the way, there are some key events. 
Think about your favorite book or movie. 
Does it follow this pattern?
Status quo, that's where we start. 
1:00: Call to Adventure. 
The hero receives a mysterious message. 
An invitation, a challenge? 
2:00: Assistance The hero needs some help, probably from someone older, wiser. 
3:00: Departure The hero crosses the threshold from his normal, safe home, and enters the special world and adventure. 
We're not in Kansas anymore. 
4:00: Trials Being a hero is hard work: our hero solves a riddle, slays a monster, escapes from a trap. 
5:00: Approach It's time to face the biggest ordeal, the hero's worst fear. 
(Roar) 
6:00: Crisis This is the hero's darkest hour. 
He faces death and possibly even dies, only to be reborn. 
7:00: Treasure 
(Roar)
As a result, the hero claims some treasure, special recognition, or power. 
8:00: Result This can vary between stories. 
Do the monsters bow down before the hero, or do they chase him as he flees from the special world? 
9:00: Return After all that adventure, the hero returns to his ordinary world. 
10:00: New Life This quest has changed the hero; he has outgrown his old life. 
11:00: Resolution All the tangled plot lines get straightened out. 
12:00: Status Quo, but upgraded to a new level. 
Nothing is quite the same once you are a hero.
Many popular books and movies follow this ancient formula pretty closely. 
But let's see how well "The Hunger Games" fits the hero's journey template. 
When does Katniss Everdeen hear her call to adventure that gets the story moving? 
When her sister's name is called from the lottery. 
How about assistance? 
Is anyone going to help her on her adventure? 
Haymitch. 
What about departure? 
Does she leave her ordinary world? 
She gets on a train to the capital. 
OK, so you get the idea.
What do you have in common with Harry Potter, Katniss Everdeen, and Frodo? 
Well, you're human, just like them. 
The Hero's Journey myth exists in all human cultures and keeps getting updated, because we humans reflect on our world through symbolic stories of our own lives. 
You leave your comfort zone, have an experience that transforms you, and then you recover and do it again. 
You don't literally slay dragons or fight Voldemort, but you face problems just as scary. 
Joseph Campbell said, "In the cave you fear to enter lies the treasure you seek." 
What is the symbolic cave you fear to enter? 
Auditions for the school play? 
Baseball tryouts?
Love?
Watch for this formula in books, movies, and TV shows you come across. 
You will certainly see it again. 
But also be sensitive to it in your own life. 
Listen for your call to adventure. 
Accept the challenge. 
Conquer your fear and claim the treasure you seek. 
And then, do it all over again.

The science of stage fright (and how to overcome it)
Palms sweaty, heart racing, stomach in knots. 
You can't cry for help. 
Not only is your throat too tight to breathe, but it'd be so embarrassing. 
No, you aren't being stalked by a monster, you're speaking in public, a fate some deem worse than death. 
See, when you're dead, you feel nothing; at a podium, you feel stage fright. 
But at some point we've all had to communicate in front of people, so you have to try and overcome it. 
To start, understand what stage fright is. 
Humans, social animals that we are, are wired to worry about reputation. 
Public speaking can threaten it. 
Before a speech, you fret, "What if people think I'm awful and I'm an idiot?" 
That fear of being seen as an awful idiot is a threat reaction from a primitive part of your brain that's very hard to control. 
It's the fight or flight response, a self-protective process seen in a range of animals, most of which don't give speeches. 
But we have a wise partner in the study of freaking out. 
Charles Darwin tested fight or flight at the London Zoo snake exhibit. 
He wrote in his diary, "My will and reason were powerless against the imagination of a danger which had never been experienced." 
He concluded that his response was an ancient reaction unaffected by the nuances of modern civilization. 
So, to your conscious modern mind, it's a speech. 
To the rest of your brain, built up to code with the law of the jungle, when you perceive the possible consequences of blowing a speech, it's time to run for your life or fight to the death. 
Your hypothalamus, common to all vertebrates, triggers your pituitary gland to secrete the hormone ACTH, making your adrenal gland shoot adrenaline into your blood. 
Your neck and back tense up, you slouch. 
Your legs and hand shake as your muscles prepare for attack. 
You sweat. 
Your blood pressure jumps. 
Your digestion shuts down to maximize the delivery of nutrients and oxygen to muscles and vital organs, so you get dry mouth, butterflies. 
Your pupils dilate, it's hard to read anything up close, like your notes, but long range is easy. 
That's how stage fright works. 
How do we fight it? 
First, perspective. 
This isn't all in your head. 
It's a natural, hormonal, full body reaction by an autonomic nervous system on autopilot. 
And genetics play a huge role in social anxiety. 
John Lennon played live thousands of times. 
Each time he vomited beforehand. 
Some people are just wired to feel more scared performing in public. 
Since stage fright is natural and inevitable, focus on what you can control. 
Practice a lot, starting long before in an environment similar to the real performance. 
Practicing any task increases your familiarity and reduces anxiety, so when it's time to speak in public, you're confident in yourself and the task at hand. 
Steve Jobs rehearsed his epic speeches for hundreds of hours, starting weeks in advance. 
If you know what you're saying, you'll feed off the crowd's energy instead of letting your hypothalamus convince your body it's about to be lunch for a pack of predators. 
But hey, the vertebrate hypothalamus has had millions of years more practice than you. 
Just before you go on stage, it's time to fight dirty and trick your brain. 
Stretch your arms up and breath deeply. 
This makes your hypothalamus trigger a relaxation response. 
Stage fright usually hits hardest right before a presentation, so take that last minute to stretch and breathe. 
You approach the Mic, voice clear, body relaxed. 
Your well-prepared speech convinces the wild crowd you're a charismatic genius. 
How? 
You didn't overcome stage fright, you adapted to it. 
And to the fact that no matter how civilized you may seem, in part of your brain, you're still a wild animal, a profound, well-spoken wild animal.

How sugar affects the brain
Picture warm, gooey cookies, crunchy candies, velvety cakes, waffle cones piled high with ice cream. 
Is your mouth watering? 
Are you craving dessert? 
Why? 
What happens in the brain that makes sugary foods so hard to resist? 
Sugar is a general term used to describe a class of molecules called carbohydrates, and it's found in a wide variety of food and drink. 
Just check the labels on sweet products you buy. 
Glucose, fructose, sucrose, maltose, lactose, dextrose, and starch are all forms of sugar. 
So are high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice, raw sugar, and honey. 
And sugar isn't just in candies and desserts, it's also added to tomato sauce, yogurt, dried fruit, flavored waters, or granola bars. 
Since sugar is everywhere, it's important to understand how it affects the brain. 
What happens when sugar hits your tongue? 
And does eating a little bit of sugar make you crave more? 
You take a bite of cereal. 
The sugars it contains activate the sweet-taste receptors, part of the taste buds on the tongue. 
These receptors send a signal up to the brain stem, and from there, it forks off into many areas of the forebrain, one of which is the cerebral cortex. 
Different sections of the cerebral cortex process different tastes: bitter, salty, umami, and, in our case, sweet. 
From here, the signal activates the brain's reward system. 
This reward system is a series of electrical and chemical pathways across several different regions of the brain. 
It's a complicated network, but it helps answer a single, subconscious question: should I do that again? 
That warm, fuzzy feeling you get when you taste Grandma's chocolate cake? 
That's your reward system saying, "Mmm, yes!" 
And it's not just activated by food. 
Socializing, sexual behavior, and drugs are just a few examples of things and experiences that also activate the reward system. 
But overactivating this reward system kickstarts a series of unfortunate events: loss of control, craving, and increased tolerance to sugar. 
Let's get back to our bite of cereal. 
It travels down into your stomach and eventually into your gut. 
And guess what? 
There are sugar receptors here, too. 
They are not taste buds, but they do send signals telling your brain that you're full or that your body should produce more insulin to deal with the extra sugar you're eating. 
The major currency of our reward system is dopamine, an important chemical or neurotransmitter. 
There are many dopamine receptors in the forebrain, but they're not evenly distributed. 
Certain areas contain dense clusters of receptors, and these dopamine hot spots are a part of our reward system. 
Drugs like alcohol, nicotine, or heroin send dopamine into overdrive, leading some people to constantly seek that high, in other words, to be addicted. 
Sugar also causes dopamine to be released, though not as violently as drugs. 
And sugar is rare among dopamine-inducing foods. 
Broccoli, for example, has no effect, which probably explains why it's so hard to get kids to eat their veggies. 
Speaking of healthy foods, let's say you're hungry and decide to eat a balanced meal. 
You do, and dopamine levels spike in the reward system hot spots. 
But if you eat that same dish many days in a row, dopamine levels will spike less and less, eventually leveling out. 
That's because when it comes to food, the brain evolved to pay special attention to new or different tastes. 
Why? 
Two reasons: first, to detect food that's gone bad. 
And second, because the more variety we have in our diet, the more likely we are to get all the nutrients we need. 
To keep that variety up, we need to be able to recognize a new food, and more importantly, we need to want to keep eating new foods. 
And that's why the dopamine levels off when a food becomes boring. 
Now, back to that meal. 
What happens if in place of the healthy, balanced dish, you eat sugar-rich food instead? 
If you rarely eat sugar or don't eat much at a time, the effect is similar to that of the balanced meal. 
But if you eat too much, the dopamine response does not level out. 
In other words, eating lots of sugar will continue to feel rewarding. 
In this way, sugar behaves a little bit like a drug. 
It's one reason people seem to be hooked on sugary foods. 
So, think back to all those different kinds of sugar. 
Each one is unique, but every time any sugar is consumed, it kickstarts a domino effect in the brain that sparks a rewarding feeling. 
Too much, too often, and things can go into overdrive. 
So, yes, overconsumption of sugar can have addictive effects on the brain, but a wedge of cake once in a while won't hurt you.

Why elephants never forget
It's a common saying that elephants never forget, but these magnificent animals are more than giant walking hard drives. 
The more we learn about elephants, the more it appears that their impressive memory is only one aspect of an incredible intelligence that makes them some of the most social, creative, and benevolent creatures on Earth. 
Unlike many proverbs, the one about elephant memory is scientifically accurate. 
Elephants know every member in their herd, able to recognize as many as 30 companions by sight or smell. 
This is a great help when migrating or encountering other potentially hostile elephants. 
They also remember and distinguish particular cues that signal danger and can recall important locations long after their last visit. 
But it's the memories unrelated to survival that are the most fascinating. 
Elephants remember not only their herd companions but other creatures who have made a strong impression on them. 
In one case, two circus elephants that had briefly performed together rejoiced when crossing paths 23 years later. 
This recognition isn't limited to others of their species. 
Elephants have also recognized humans they've bonded with after decades apart. 
All of this shows that elephant memory goes beyond responses to stimuli. 
Looking inside their heads, we can see why. 
The elephant boasts the largest brain of any land mammal, as well as an impressive encephalization quotient. 
This is the size of the brain relative to what we'd expect for an animal's body size, and the elephant's EQ is nearly as high as a chimpanzee's. 
And despite the distant relation, convergent evolution has made it remarkably similar to the human brain, with as many neurons and synapses and a highly developed hippocampus and cerebral cortex. 
It is the hippocampus, strongly associated with emotion, that aids recollection by encoding important experiences into long-term memories. 
The ability to distinguish this importance makes elephant memory a complex and adaptable faculty beyond rote memorization. 
It's what allows elephants who survived a drought in their youth to recognize its warning signs in adulthood, which is why clans with older matriarchs have higher survival rates. 
Unfortunately, it's also what makes elephants one of the few non-human animals to suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder. 
The cerebral cortex, on the other hand, enables problem solving, which elephants display in many creative ways. 
They also tackle problems cooperatively, sometimes even outwitting the researchers and manipulating their partners. 
And they've grasped basic arithmetic, keeping track of the relative amounts of fruit in two baskets after multiple changes. 
The rare combination of memory and problem solving can explain some of elephants' most clever behaviors, but it doesn't explain some of the things we're just beginning to learn about their mental lives. 
Elephants communicate using everything from body signals and vocalizations, to infrasound rumbles that can be heard kilometers away. 
And their understanding of syntax suggests that they have their own language and grammar. 
This sense of language may even go beyond simple communication. 
Elephants create art by carefully choosing and combining different colors and elements. 
They can also recognize twelve distinct tones of music and recreate melodies. 
And yes, there is an elephant band. 
But perhaps the most amazing thing about elephants is a capacity even more important than cleverness: their sense of empathy, altruism, and justice. 
Elephants are the only non-human animals to mourn their dead, performing burial rituals and returning to visit graves. 
They have shown concern for other species, as well. 
One working elephant refused to set a log down into a hole where a dog was sleeping, while elephants encountering injured humans have sometimes stood guard and gently comforted them with their trunk. 
On the other hand, elephant attacks on human villages have usually occurred right after massive poachings or cullings, suggesting deliberate revenge. 
When we consider all this evidence, along with the fact that elephants are one of the few species who can recognize themselves in a mirror, it's hard to escape the conclusion that they are conscious, intelligent, and emotional beings. 
Unfortunately, humanity's treatment of elephants does not reflect this, as they continue to suffer from habitat destruction in Asia, ivory poaching in Africa, and mistreatment in captivity worldwide. 
Given what we now know about elephants and what they continue to teach us about animal intelligence, it is more important than ever to ensure that what the English poet John Donne described as "nature's great masterpiece" does not vanish from the world's canvas.

The benefits of a bilingual brain
¿Hablas español? 
Parlez-vous français?  
你会说中文吗？ 
If you answered, "sí," "oui," or "会" and you're watching this in English, chances are you belong to the world's bilingual and multilingual majority. 
And besides having an easier time traveling or watching movies without subtitles, knowing two or more languages means that your brain may actually look and work differently than those of your monolingual friends. 
So what does it really mean to know a language? 
Language ability is typically measured in two active parts, speaking and writing, and two passive parts, listening and reading. 
While a balanced bilingual has near equal abilities across the board in two languages, most bilinguals around the world know and use their languages in varying proportions. 
And depending on their situation and how they acquired each language, they can be classified into three general types. 
For example, let's take Gabriella, whose family immigrates to the US from Peru when she's two-years old. 
As a compound bilingual, Gabriella develops two linguistic codes simultaneously, with a single set of concepts, learning both English and Spanish as she begins to process the world around her. 
Her teenage brother, on the other hand, might be a coordinate bilingual, working with two sets of concepts, learning English in school, while continuing to speak Spanish at home and with friends. 
Finally, Gabriella's parents are likely to be subordinate bilinguals who learn a secondary language by filtering it through their primary language. 
Because all types of bilingual people can become fully proficient in a language regardless of accent or pronunciation, the difference may not be apparent to a casual observer. 
But recent advances in brain imaging technology have given neurolinguists a glimpse into how specific aspects of language learning affect the bilingual brain. 
It's well known that the brain's left hemisphere is more dominant and analytical in logical processes, while the right hemisphere is more active in emotional and social ones, though this is a matter of degree, not an absolute split. 
The fact that language involves both types of functions while lateralization develops gradually with age, has lead to the critical period hypothesis. 
According to this theory, children learn languages more easily because the plasticity of their developing brains lets them use both hemispheres in language acquisition, while in most adults, language is lateralized to one hemisphere, usually the left. 
If this is true, learning a language in childhood may give you a more holistic grasp of its social and emotional contexts. 
Conversely, recent research showed that people who learned a second language in adulthood exhibit less emotional bias and a more rational approach when confronting problems in the second language than in their native one. 
But regardless of when you acquire additional languages, being multilingual gives your brain some remarkable advantages. 
Some of these are even visible, such as higher density of the grey matter that contains most of your brain's neurons and synapses, and more activity in certain regions when engaging a second language. 
The heightened workout a bilingual brain receives throughout its life can also help delay the onset of diseases, like Alzheimer's and dementia by as much as five years. 
The idea of major cognitive benefits to bilingualism may seem intuitive now, but it would have surprised earlier experts. 
Before the 1960s, bilingualism was considered a handicap that slowed a child's development by forcing them to spend too much energy distinguishing between languages, a view based largely on flawed studies. 
And while a more recent study did show that reaction times and errors increase for some bilingual students in cross-language tests, it also showed that the effort and attention needed to switch between languages triggered more activity in, and potentially strengthened, the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. 
This is the part of the brain that plays a large role in executive function, problem solving, switching between tasks, and focusing while filtering out irrelevant information. 
So, while bilingualism may not necessarily make you smarter, it does make your brain more healthy, complex and actively engaged, and even if you didn't have the good fortune of learning a second language as a child, it's never too late to do yourself a favor and make the linguistic leap from, "Hello," to, "Hola," "Bonjour" or "你好’s" because when it comes to our brains a little exercise can go a long way.

The Irish myth of the Giant's Causeway
On the coast of Northern Ireland, a vast plateau of basalt slabs and columns called the Giant’s Causeway stretches into the ocean. 
The scientific explanation for this is that it’s the result of molten lava contracting and fracturing as it cooled in the wake of a volcanic eruption. 
But an ancient Irish myth has a different accounting. 
According to legend, the giant Finn MacCool lived happily on the North Antrim coast with his wife Oonagh. 
Their only disturbance came from the taunts and threats of the giant Benandonner, or the red man, who lived across the sea in Scotland. 
The two roared insults and hurled rocks at each other in dramatic shows of strength. 
Once, Finn tore up a great clump of land and heaved it at his rival, but it fell short of reaching land. 
Instead, the clump became the Isle of Man, and the crater left from the disturbed earth filled with water to become Lough Neagh. 
The giants’ tough talk continued, until one day Benandonner challenged Finn to a fight, face to face. 
And so the Irish giant tossed enough boulders into the sea to create a bridge of stepping stones to the Scottish coast. 
Finn marched across in a fit of rage. 
When Scotland loomed before him, he made out the figure of Benandonner from afar. 
Finn was a substantial size, but at the sight of his colossal enemy thundering towards him, his courage faltered. 
With one look at Benandonner’s thick neck and crushing fists, Finn turned and ran. 
Back home, with Benandonner fast approaching, Finn trembled as he described his enemy’s bulk to Oonagh. 
They knew that if he faced Benandonner head on, he’d be crushed. 
And so Oonagh hatched a cunning plan - they needed to create an illusion of size, to suggest Finn was a mountain of a man whilst keeping him out of sight. 
As Benandonner neared the end of the bridge, Oonagh stuffed her husband in a huge cradle. 
Disguised as an enormous baby, Finn lay quiet as Benandonnner pounded on the door. 
The house shook as he stepped inside. 
Oonagh told the enraged visitor that her husband wasn’t home, but welcomed him to sit and eat while he waited. 
When Benandonner tore into the cakes placed before him, he cried out in pain for he’d shattered his teeth on the metal Oonagh had concealed inside. 
She told him that this was Finn’s favorite bread, sowing a seed of doubt in Benandonner’s mind that he was any match for his rival. 
When Finn let out a squawk, Benandonner’s attention was drawn to the gigantic baby in the corner. 
So hefty was the infant swaddled under piles of blankets, Benandonner shuddered at the thought of what the father would look like. 
He decided he’d rather not find out. 
As he fled, Benandonner tore up the rocks connecting the shores, breaking up the causeway. 
What remains are two identical rock formations: one on the North Antrim coast of Ireland and one at Fingal’s Cave in Scotland, right across the sea.

Why is it so dangerous to step on a rusty nail?
In the 5th century, Greek physician Hippocrates, creator of the Hippocratic Oath, was sailing with a very ill shipmaster. | Noong ika-5 na siglo, si Hippocrates, ang Griyegong manggagamot na gumawa ng Hippocratic Oath, ay lumalayag kasama ng kapitan na may sakit.
The captain was suffering a nasty infection that caused his jaws to press together, his teeth to lock up, and the muscles in his neck and spine to spasm. | Mayroong masamang impeksyon yung kapitan kaya ang kanyang sihang ay magkadikit, ang kanyang ngipin ay hindi gumagalaw, at ang kanyang kalamnan sa leeg at gulugod ay pumapasma.
Hippocrates dutifully recorded these symptoms, but he was unable to treat the mysterious disease. | Itinala ni Hippocrates ang mga sintomas na ito pero hindi niya napagaling ang misteryosong sakit.
And six days later, the shipmaster succumbed to his illness. | Pagkatapos ng anim na araw, namatay yung kapitan dahil sa sakit.
Today, we know this account to be one of the first recorded cases of tetanus, and thankfully, modern physicians are much more prepared to handle this peculiar infection. | Ngayon, alam natin na ito ay ang pinakaunang kaso ng tetanus, at salamat nalang na mas handa ang mga modernong doktor na pagalingín ang impeksyong ito.
Unlike other common bacterial infections like tuberculosis and strep throat, tetanus doesn’t pass from person to person. | Hindi tulad ng ibang impekysong bacterial gaya ng tuberculosis at strep throat ang tetanus dahil dahil hindi ito kinakalat ng tao.
Instead, the offending bacterium, known as Clostridium tetani, infects the body through cuts and abrasions. | Sa halip nito, ang bakteryang kilala bilang Clostridium tetani, ay pumapasok sa katawan gamit ng mga mga hiwa at gasgas.
These infection sites are why tetanus is so strongly associated with rusty nails and scrap metal, which can cause such wounds, but the condition's connection to rust is actually much less direct. | Ang mga lugar na ito ay dahilan kung bakit ang tetanus ay palaging konektado sa kinakalawang na pako at scrap metal, na maaaring magdulot ng ganyang sugat, kahit na hindi talagang gaanong direkta  ang koneksyon ng impeksyon dito.
Clostridium tetani bacteria are often found in soil, manure, and dead leaves, where they can survive for years in the form of spores, even amidst extreme heat and dryness. | Ang Clostridium tetani ay natatagpuan sa lupa, guwano, at mga patay na dahon, kung saan kaya nilang mabuhay nang  matagal bilang mga spores, kahit sa gitna ng  matinding init at pagkatuyo.
These piles of organic material can sit undisturbed for long periods, potentially concealing old metal, which rusts over time. | Ang organikong tambak na ito ay maaaring hindi galawin ng mahabang panahon, at magtago ng lumang metal, na nagkakaroon ng kalawang dahil sa panahon.
So, if someone does blunder into this environment and cuts themselves, it would likely increase their odds of infection. | Kung ang isang tao ay magkakaroon  ng sugat mula sa paligid, kaya nitong taasin ang kanilang tsansa ng impeksyon.
Especially since rusty metal can create jagged wounds with lots of deoxygenated dead tissue for them to latch on to. | Isa pa, ang metal ay maaaring  magbigay ng tulis-tulis na sugat na kayang kapitan ng tetanus dahil sa deoxygenated at patay na tisyu.
Once in the body, the spores begin to germinate. | Sa loob ng katawan, tumutubo ang mga spores.
This process releases several toxins, including deadly tetanus toxin. | Kaya nitong maglabas ng maraming mga toxin, gaya ng tetanus.
Nerve endings soak up this toxin, drawing it into the brain and spinal cord where it wreaks havoc on interneurons. | Sinisipsip ng nerve endings ang lasong ito at dindala ito sa utak at galugod, kung saan ito’y sumisira ng interneurons.
Typically, these work alongside motor neurons to regulate our muscle actions, from endeavors as complex as kicking a ball to those as simple as breathing. | Tinutulungan nito ang motorneuron upang i-regulate ang ating mga kalamnan, at iba’t ibang kilos gaya ng pag-sipa ng bola at paghinga.
But by blocking neurotransmitters released by interneurons, tetanus toxin causes uncontrollable muscle contractions and spasms. | Dahil hinaharang ng toxin ang neurotransmitter ng mga interneuron, ang tetanus ay nagdudulot ng hindi napipigilang contraction at mga pulikat.
Typically within 7 to 10 days of infection, patients begin experiencing general aches, trouble swallowing, and lockjaw. | Sa loob ng 7 hanggang 10 na araw ng impeksyon, nagkakaroon ng pananakit, problema sa paglunok, at lockjaw ang mga pasyente.
The head and neck tend to show symptoms first. | Unang nagpapakita ng sintomas ang ulo at leeg. 
But as the toxin spreads, stronger muscle groups become more rigid, leading to a frightening arching of the back. | Habang kumakalat ang toxin, nagiging mas matigas ang mga grupo ng kalamnan kaya nagkakaroon ng arko ang likod.
Left untreated, these spasms become more extreme, eventually seizing the muscles in the windpipe and chest, leading patients to suffocate within 72 hours of symptoms appearing. | Kapag hindi ginamot, magiging mas malala ang mga pulikat na ito, at madadamay ang mga kalamnan sa windpipe at dibdib, kaya maaring malagutan ng hininga ang mga pasyente sa loob ng 72 na oras.
Without treatment, tetanus has an extremely low rate of survival. | Mababa ang tsansa na mawala ang tetanus nang walang gamot.
But fortunately, medical professionals have developed a robust plan to handle a tetanus diagnosis. | Buti nalang, ang mga doktor ay nakabuo ng isang matatag na plano upang pagalingin ang tetanus.
First, doctors clean the infected wound and administer antibiotics, killing the bacteria and preventing further toxin production. | Una, lilinisin ng mga doktor ang sugat at lalagyan ito ng antibiotics upang mamatay ang mga bakterya at iwasan ang produksyon ng mga toxin.
Then, they inject antitoxin to neutralize any tetanus toxin still in the body that has yet to enter the central nervous system. | Pagkatapos, nag-iinject sila ng antitoxin para ma-neutralize ang tetanus toxin na nasa loob ng katawan at hindi pa nakakapasok sa sistemang nerbiyos.
Finally, patients begin a several week period of supportive care, which can include muscle relaxants to stop spasms and ventilators to prevent suffocation. | Sa huli, ang mga pasyente ay susuportahan at pangangalagaan ng ilang linggo gamit ng mga relaxant para sa kalamnan upang huminto ang spasms at ventilators upang sila’y makahinga nang maayos. 
In the days of Hippocrates, the only course of treatment was to wait and hope. | Sa araw ni Hippocrates, ang tanging gamot sa tetanus ay maghintay at umasa.
But now we know the best time to tackle Clostridium tetani is before an infection even takes place. | Pero ngayon alam natin ang pinakamagadang oras na harapin ang Clostridium tetani ay bago tayo’y magkaroon ng impeksyon.
Tetanus vaccines— originally developed in the early 1920s— are crucial to preventing tetanus and stopping its spread. | Ang mga bakunang tetanus— na orihinal na binuo noong 1920s— ay importante upang iwasan natin ang pagkalat ng tetanus.
Experts recommend a series of shots and boosters beginning at two months old and ending around age 12. | Inirerekomenda ng mga eksperto ang isang seryeng bakuna na magsisimula sa edad na 2 at matatapos sa edad na 12.
Yet over 20,000 infants still die of tetanus every year, mostly in low and middle income countries where vaccine access is limited, including South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa. | Ngunit mahigit 20,000 sanggol pa rin ang namamatay dahil sa tetanus bawat taon, lalo na mula sa mga mahirap na bansa kung saan limitado ang access sa bakuna, gaya ng Timog Asya at  sub-Saharan na Aprika.
And newborn babies are especially at risk if their mothers are unvaccinated, as Clostridium tetani can infect a newborn's umbilical stump. | At ang mga sanggol ay nasa panganib kung ang kanilang mga ina ay hindi nabakunahan, dahil kayang hawaan ng Clostridium tetani ang umbilical stump ng bagong sanggol.
Though vaccinating mothers during pregnancy can help with this problem. | Ang pagbabakuna sa mga ina habang sila’y buntis ay makakatulong dito.
The fact is tetanus remains a significant threat to human health. | Ang katotohanan ay nananatiling banta sa kalusugan ng tao ang tetanus.
So people should get vaccinated and take measures to prevent infection after cutting themselves— whether it’s on a rusty nail or a 2,400-year-old ship anchor. | Kaya dapat ang taong magpabakuna at iwasan ang impeksiyon pagkatapos sugatan ang kanilang sarili—  kung ito man ay sa makalawang pako o 2,400 na taong gulang na angkor ng barko.

How does alcohol cause hangovers?
In a 1973 study, 20 volunteers got drunk once a week for 8 consecutive weeks, each time on a different alcoholic beverage, and each time with precisely the same dosage— this was science, after all. 
The goal of this experiment was to find out which alcoholic drinks cause worse hangovers. 
Of course, it takes much more than one small study to answer such a question. 
Since then, science has learned a lot about hangovers— though some mysteries remain. 
The molecule responsible for hangovers is ethanol, which we colloquially refer to as alcohol. 
Ethanol is present in all alcoholic beverages, and generally speaking, the more ethanol, the greater the potential for a hangover. 
The symptoms and severity can vary depending on weight, age, genetics, and other factors. 
But still, hangovers generally share  some common— and unpleasant— features. 
So how exactly does alcohol cause a hangover? 
And is there any way to reliably prevent one? 
Alcohol slows down the communication between neural cells. 
After someone has had their last drink, as the concentration of alcohol in the blood drops back to zero, the brain rebounds from sedation and swings in the other direction, entering a hyperactive state. 
This may lead to the tremors or rapid heartbeat associated with hangovers. 
It also makes sleep shorter and less restful than normal. 
But these effects are just the beginning— alcohol impacts so many of the body’s processes, throwing delicate balances off-kilter. 
And even the most familiar hangover symptoms have surprising contributors. 
For example, alcohol disrupts levels of many hormones. 
One of those hormones is cortisol.
Normally, fluctuating cortisol levels help regulate wakefulness throughout the day and night. 
So the disruption in cortisol  during a hangover may cause people to feel groggy or disoriented. 
Another hormone alcohol interferes with is vasopressin, which normally decreases the volume of urine made by the kidneys. 
By decreasing levels of vasopressin, alcohol causes people to pee more and become dehydrated. 
Dehydration can lead to thirst, dry mouth, weakness, lightheadedness, and headache, one of the most common hangover symptoms. 
In addition to dehydration, hangover headaches can result from alcohol’s influence on chemical signaling in the brain, especially on neurotransmitters involved in pain signaling. 
Alcohol can also damage mitochondria, which are responsible for producing the ATP that gives us energy. 
This may contribute to the fatigue, weakness, and mood disturbances experienced during a hangover. 
Meanwhile, alcohol stimulates the immune system, leading to inflammation that can damage cells within the brain, affect mood, and impair memory. 
And it can irritate the gastrointestinal tract and inflame the lining of the stomach and intestines. 
Alcohol may also slow down stomach emptying, which could lead to increased production of gastric acid. 
This is why alcohol can cause stomach pain, nausea, and vomiting. 
Alcoholic drinks also contain other substances that are produced during the fermentation process that give the drink its specific flavor. 
Some evidence suggests that one of these, methanol, is particularly bad for hangovers. 
The body doesn’t start metabolizing methanol until it’s done processing ethanol. 
And when it does, the toxic metabolites of methanol may potentially worsen the hangover symptoms. 
Beverages that are closer to pure ethanol, such as gin and vodka, may cause fewer hangover effects. 
Meanwhile, the presence of flavoring ingredients in beverages like whiskey, brandy, and red wine, may make these kinds of alcohol cause more hangover symptoms. 
So, the choice of alcoholic beverage matters, but any of them can cause hangovers, simply because they all contain alcohol. 
So, do common hangover remedies actually work? 
Drinking water and electrolyte beverages can help reduce symptoms related to dehydration. 
And eating— especially carbs— can help replenish the glucose levels alcohol reduces. 
But ultimately, the only sure way to prevent a hangover is to drink alcohol in moderation or not at all.

Is plant-based meat actually better for you?
In 2021, a survey of over 1,000 Americans found that nearly two-thirds had eaten plant-based meat alternatives in the past year. 
Many cited potential health and environmental benefits as their motivation. 
But are these alternative meats actually better for us and the planet? 
First, let’s introduce the contenders. 
Meat from butchered animals, which we’ll call farmed meat, is a complex structure of muscle fibers, connective tissues, and fat. 
You may recognize meat from its role in the human diet, stretching back to our species’ very beginnings. 
Our next challenger, the plant-based meat alternative, may look and taste like meat, but it’s built with proteins, carbohydrates, fats, and other molecules from plants. 
Transforming plant molecules into something that resembles meat takes effort. 
Meat’s fibrous texture is created by long rod-like proteins. 
To replicate this structure, a plant’s ball-shaped proteins can be pushed through an extruder device which forces them to unwind and join into long filaments. 
To mimic animal fat, companies mix in fats and oils extracted from plants. 
One popular brand adds a beet juice pigment that changes the patty’s color as it cooks. 
Another adds an iron-containing molecule called heme, which their team says is key to its meaty flavor. 
The resulting products come in many forms. 
Finally, our last entrant: lab-grown meat. 
Also known as cell-based meat and cultured meat, these products begin as animal stem cells that researchers coax to multiply and form into muscle. 
It’s worth noting that lab-grown meats are largely still in development, so the exact process may change when they’re produced at greater commercial scale. 
So which meat or lookalike is best for your health? 
Farmed meat is a vital source of protein and nutrients for many people. 
But researchers have also found links between diets high in red and processed meats and health concerns like type 2 diabetes and heart disease. 
One 2012 study concluded that swapping red meat for other options like chicken, nuts, or legumes for one meal a day can potentially reduce mortality risk by 7 to 19%. 
There is not enough data to know whether replacing red meat with a plant-based patty would have the same effect. 
Plant-based meats, while containing just as much protein, calories, and iron as farmed meat, are highly processed and, therefore, high in sodium. 
And many contain coconut oil, which has a lot of saturated fat, and, like red meat, may elevate heart disease risk. 
Lab-grown meat, meanwhile, has the potential to offer the same nutritional qualities and health risks as farmed meat. 
But we won’t know for sure until product development is further along. 
So which contender is better for the environment? 
Animal agriculture generates an estimated 14.5% of human-caused greenhouse gas emissions. 
Researchers estimate that producing plant-based meat substitutes results in, on average, around 90% less greenhouse gas emissions than an equivalent amount of beef, 63% less than pork, and 51% less than poultry. 
Plant-based meat alternatives also tend to require far less land and water than farmed meat. 
And their production results in much lower levels of pollutants running off farms and entering waterways— which threaten both the environment and public health. 
As for lab-grown meat, today the industry largely takes its stem cells from the muscle tissue of livestock. 
But how many animals will be required for these biopsies once production scales up? 
It also isn’t clear to what degree alternative meats will reduce the environmental impact of the farmed meats industry. 
What if, instead of replacing meat with alternatives, people continue to consume the same amount of farmed meat while also eating newer options? 
While the verdict is still out on which meat is nutritionally superior, if you care about your personal impact on animal welfare, public health, and the environment, plant-based meat tends to come out on top. 
And switching to meat alternatives doesn’t have to be an all-or-nothing decision. 
In fact, a 2022 study estimated that forgoing red meat at just one meal a day can decrease your personal dietary carbon emissions by as much as 48%.

The genius of Marie Curie | Ang galing ni Marie Curie
If you want a glimpse of Marie Curie's manuscripts, you'll have to sign a waiver and put on protective gear to shield yourself from radiation contamination. 
Madame Curie's remains, too, were interred in a lead-lined coffin, keeping the radiation that was the heart of her research, and likely the cause of her death, well contained. 
Growing up in Warsaw  in Russian-occupied Poland, the young Marie, originally named Maria Sklodowska, was a brilliant student, but she faced some challenging barriers. 
As a woman, she was barred from pursuing higher education, so in an act of defiance, Marie enrolled in the Floating University, a secret institution that provided clandestine education to Polish youth. 
By saving money and working as a governess and tutor, she eventually was able to move to Paris to study at the reputed Sorbonne. 
There, Marie earned both a physics and mathematics degree surviving largely on bread and tea, and sometimes fainting from near starvation. 
In Paris, Marie met the physicist Pierre Curie, who shared his lab and his heart with her. 
But she longed to be back in Poland. 
Upon her return to Warsaw, though, she found that securing an academic position as a woman remained a challenge. 
All was not lost. 
Back in Paris, the lovelorn Pierre was waiting, and the pair quickly married and became a formidable scientific team. 
Another physicist's work sparked Marie Curie's interest. 
In 1896, Henri Becquerel discovered that uranium spontaneously emitted a mysterious X-ray-like radiation that could interact with photographic film. 
Curie soon found that the element thorium emitted similar radiation. 
Most importantly, the strength of the radiation depended solely on the element's quantity, and was not affected by physical or chemical changes. 
This led her to conclude that radiation was coming from something fundamental within the atoms of each element. 
The idea was radical and helped to disprove the long-standing model of atoms as indivisible objects. 
Next, by focusing on a super radioactive  ore called pitchblende, the Curies realized that uranium alone couldn't be creating all the radiation. 
So, were there other radioactive elements that might be responsible? 
In 1898, they reported two new elements, polonium, named for Marie's native Poland, and radium, the Latin word for ray. 
They also coined the term radioactivity along the way. 
By 1902, the Curies had extracted a tenth of a gram of pure radium chloride salt from several tons of pitchblende, an incredible feat at the time. 
Later that year, Pierre Curie  and Henri Becquerel were nominated for the Nobel Prize in physics, but Marie was overlooked. 
Pierre took a stand in support of his wife's well-earned recognition. 
And so both of the Curies and Becquerel shared the 1903 Nobel Prize, making Marie Curie the first female Nobel Laureate. 
Well funded and well respected, the Curies were on a roll. 
But tragedy struck in 1906 when Pierre was crushed by a horse-drawn cart as he crossed a busy intersection. 
Marie, devastated, immersed herself in her research and took over Pierre's teaching position at the Sorbonne, becoming the school's first female professor. 
Her solo work was fruitful. 
In 1911, she won yet another Nobel, this time in chemistry for her earlier discovery of radium and polonium, and her extraction and analysis of pure radium and its compounds. 
This made her the first, and to this date, only person to win Nobel Prizes in two different sciences. 
Professor Curie put her discoveries to work, changing the landscape of medical research and treatments. 
She opened mobile radiology units during World War I, and investigated radiation's effects on tumors. 
However, these benefits to humanity may have come at a high personal cost. 
Curie died in 1934 of a bone marrow disease, which many today think was caused by her radiation exposure. 
Marie Curie's revolutionary research laid the groundwork for our understanding of physics and chemistry, blazing trails in oncology, technology, medicine, and nuclear physics, to name a few. 
For good or ill, her discoveries in radiation launched a new era, unearthing some of science's greatest secrets.

Uncovering the brain's biggest secret | Ang artistang nanalo ng Nobel Prize... sa medisina
In the late 1860s, scientists believed they were on the verge of uncovering the brain’s biggest secret. 
They already knew the brain controlled the body through electrical impulses. 
The question was, how did these signals travel through the body without changing or degrading? 
It seemed that perfectly transmitting these impulses would require them to travel uninterrupted along some kind of tissue. 
This idea, called reticular theory, imagined the nervous system as a massive web of tissue that physically connected every nerve cell in the body. 
Reticular theory captivated the field with its elegant simplicity. 
But soon, a young artist would cut through this conjecture, and sketch a bold new vision of how our brains work. 
60 years before reticular theory was born, developments in microscope technology revealed cells to be the building blocks of organic tissue. 
This finding was revolutionary, but early microscopes struggled to provide additional details. 
The technology was especially challenging for researchers studying the brain.
Soft nervous tissue was delicate and difficult to work with. 
And even when researchers were able to get it under the microscope, the tissue was so densely packed it was impossible to see much. 
To improve their view, scientists began experimenting with special staining techniques designed to provide clarity through contrast. 
The most effective came courtesy of Camillo Golgi in 1873. 
First, Golgi hardened the brain tissue with potassium bichromate to prevent cells from deforming during handling. 
Then he doused the tissue in silver nitrate, which visibly accumulated in nerve cells. 
Known as the “black reaction,” Golgi’s Method finally allowed researchers to see the entire cell body of what would later be named the neuron. 
The stain even highlighted the fibrous branches that shot off from the cell in different directions. 
Images of these branches became hazy at the ends, making it difficult to determine exactly how they fit into the larger network. 
But Golgi concluded that these branches connected, forming a web of tissue comprising the entire nervous system. 
14 years later, a young scientist and aspiring artist named Santiago Ramón y Cajal began to build on Golgi’s work. 
While writing a book about microscopic imaging, he came across a picture of a cell treated with Golgi’s stain. 
Cajal was in awe of its exquisite detail— both as a scientist and an artist.
He soon set out to improve Golgi’s stain even further and create more detailed references for his artwork. 
By staining the tissue twice in a specific time frame, Cajal found he could stain a greater number of neurons with better resolution. 
And what these new slides revealed would upend reticular theory— the branches reaching out from each nerve cell were not physically connected to any other tissue. 
So how were these individual cells transmitting electrical signals? 
By studying and sketching them countless times, Cajal developed a bold, new hypothesis. 
Instead of electrical signals traveling uninterrupted across a network of fibers, he proposed that signals were somehow jumping from cell to cell in a linear chain of activation. 
The idea that electrical signals could travel this way was completely unheard of when Cajal proposed it in 1889. 
However his massive collection of drawings supported his hypothesis from every angle. 
And in the mid-1900s, electron microscopy further supported this idea by revealing a membrane around each nerve cell keeping it separate from its neighbors. 
This formed the basis of the “neuron doctrine,” which proposed the brain’s tissue  was made up of many discrete cells, instead of one connected tissue. 
The neuron doctrine laid the foundation for modern neuroscience, and allowed later researchers to discover that electrical impulses are constantly converted between chemical and electrical signals as they travel from neuron to neuron. 
Both Golgi and Cajal received the Nobel Prize for their separate, but shared discoveries, and researchers still apply their theories and methods today. 
In this way, their legacies remain connected as discrete elements in a vast network of knowledge.

The science of falling in love
Love is often described as heartwarming, heart-wrenching and even heartbreaking. 
So, what does the brain have to do with it?
Everything! 
The journey from first spark to last tear is guided by a symphony of neurochemicals and brain systems. 
As you begin to fall for someone, you may find yourself excessively daydreaming about them and wanting to spend more and more time together. 
This first stage of love is what psychologists call infatuation, or passionate love. 
Your new relationship can feel almost intoxicating, and when it comes to the brain, that’s not far from the truth. 
Infatuated individuals show increased activation in the ventral tegmental area. 
The VTA is the reward-processing and motivation hub of the brain, firing when you do things like eat a sweet treat, quench your thirst, or in more extreme cases, take drugs of abuse. 
Activation releases the “feel good” neurotransmitter dopamine, teaching your brain to repeat behaviors in anticipation of receiving the same initial reward. 
This increased VTA activity is the reason love's not only euphoric, but also draws you towards your new partner. 
At this first stage, it may be hard to see any faults in your new perfect partner. 
This haze is thanks to love’s influence on higher cortical brain regions. 
Some newly infatuated individuals show decreased activity in the brain’s cognitive center, the prefrontal cortex. 
As activation of this region allows us to engage in critical thought and pass judgment, it’s not surprising we tend to see new relationships through rose-colored glasses. 
While this first stage of love can be an intense rollercoaster of emotions and brain activity, it typically only lasts a few months, making way for the more long-lasting stage of love, known as attachment, or compassionate love. 
As your relationship develops, you may feel more relaxed and committed to your partner thanks in large part to two hormones: oxytocin and vasopressin. 
Known as pair-bonding hormones, they signal trust, feelings of social support and attachment. 
In this way, romantic love is not unlike other forms of love, as these hormones also help bond families and friendships. 
Further, oxytocin can inhibit the release of stress hormones, which is why spending time with a loved one can feel so relaxing. 
As early love's suspension of judgment fades, it can be replaced by a more honest understanding and deeper connection. 
Alternatively, as your rose-colored glasses begin to lose their tint, problems in your relationship may become more evident. 
No matter the reason a relationship ends, we can blame the pain that accompanies heartbreak on the brain. 
The distress of a breakup activates the insular cortex, a region that processes pain— both physical, like spraining your ankle, as well as social, like the feelings of rejection. 
As days pass, you may find yourself once again daydreaming about or craving contact with your lost partner. 
The drive to reach out may feel overwhelming, like an extreme hunger or thirst. 
When looking at photos of a former partner, heartbroken individuals again show increased activity in the VTA, the motivation and reward center that drove feelings of longing during the initial stages of the relationship. 
This emotional whirlwind also likely activates your body’s alarm system, the stress axis, leaving you feeling shaken and restless. 
As time goes on, higher cortical regions which oversee reasoning and impulse control, can pump the brakes on this distress and craving signaling. 
Given that these regions are still maturing and making connections through adolescence, it's no wonder that first heartbreak can feel particularly agonizing. 
Activities like exercise, spending time with friends, or even listening to your favorite song can tame this heartbreak stress response, while also triggering the release of feel good neurotransmitter dopamine. 
And given time and the support, most can heal and learn from even the most devastating heartbreak.

The science of laughter
Isn’t it odd that, when something’s funny, you might show your teeth, change your breathing, become weak and achy in some places, and maybe even cry? 
In other words, why do we do this bizarre thing that is laughter? 
When you laugh, your abdominal muscles contract rapidly. 
This alters your breathing patterns, increasing the pressure in your chest cavity, and pushing air out, which might audibly emerge as a snort, wheeze, or vocalization. 
Because you’re exerting your abdominal muscles much more than you usually would while talking, they may start to hurt. 
Laughter also inhibits your reflexes and muscle control, causing sensations like leg weakness. 
So, where does this funny phenomenon come from? 
Because there’s no archaeological record of laughter, it’s impossible to say exactly how and why it evolved, but scientists have some theories. 
Importantly, humans are not the only animals today that do something like laughter. 
Using ultrasonic recorders, researchers in the late 90s realized that rats were basically giggling while being tickled. 
Scientists have since compiled evidence of at least 65 species— mostly mammals, but also some birds— that vocalize during social play. 
Some, unsurprisingly, are our closest relatives. 
By recording and analyzing the sounds primates make while playing and being tickled, researchers grew more convinced that the ancient ancestor of all great apes did something like laughter. 
And, because other apes make laughter-like sounds during rough-and-tumble play, they think laughter may have originally developed to clearly signal friendly, non-aggressive intent. 
But of course, humans don’t just laugh when we’re wrestling, but also when we’re amused, and even surprised, confused, or nervous. 
Some scientists think laughter took on expanded functions after humans split from other great apes and developed large social groups and more complex language abilities. 
They hypothesize that laughter gradually became something we could use not just during play but within speech to convey subtle meanings and a range of contexts to show our emotions. 
This is thought to be one of the reasons that laughter is contagious: it’s like an invitation to share in someone’s emotional state.
Just hearing clips of laughter can activate key regions in your brain, triggering you to smile or laugh yourself. 
And, when participants in one study watched a funny video, they laughed significantly longer and more often when another person was present— even though they reported feeling the same level of amusement. 
Human laughter is also generally louder than the play vocalizations of most animals. 
Some scientists speculate that this is because our laughter functions not only as a signal between individuals, but a broadcast to everyone around. 
Studies found that observers across the world and as young as 5 months old could reliably tell the difference between close friends and acquaintances just from brief clips of them laughing. 
Similarly, we can tell whether a laugh is real or fake based just on the sound.
Fake, or volitional, laughter is produced in entirely different networks in the brain, relying on speech-like pathways. 
Meanwhile, spontaneous laughter arises from older networks that other animals also use for their vocalizations. 
And laughter is not just socially important; it’s also thought to be good for us. 
When we laugh, our brains release feel-good neurotransmitters like endorphins, and decrease levels of stress hormones like cortisol. 
Some research even suggests that people who laugh more can cope with stress more effectively and have better cardiovascular health. 
Laughter is a universal human behavior. 
Babies can laugh before they can speak. 
Whether it's the best medicine depends on your ailment. 
But as something that makes life more tolerable, strengthens bonds, and potentially improves aspects of your health, you can’t go wrong with a good laugh. 
Unless you have a broken rib or something. 
Then it’s no laughing matter. 
Certainly nothing to crack up about.

Iceland's secret power
While the weather in Iceland is often cold, wet, and windy, a nearly endless supply of heat bubbles away below the surface. 
In fact, almost every building in the country is heated by geothermal energy, in a process with virtually no carbon emissions. 
So how exactly does this renewable energy work? 
Between the Earth’s core and its crust is a mixed layer of solid and partially molten rock called the mantle. 
Temperatures here range from 1,000 to 3,500 degrees Celsius. 
Some of this heat comes from the radioactive decay of metals. 
But much of it comes from Earth’s core, which has been radiating energy since the planet formed over four billion years ago. 
While the mantle moves slowly, circulating roughly 40 kilometers below the Earth’s crust, there are places where it surges closer to the surface. 
Here, the magma forms pockets and veins in the ground, heating underground rivers and pools to temperatures reaching 300 degrees. 
Controlling heated water is at the heart of harnessing geothermal energy, and there are two primary models for how to do it. 
One is to build a geothermal power plant which uses these hot, deep pools to produce electricity. 
First, engineers drill a well several kilometers into permeable rock like sandstone or basalt. 
As the hot, highly pressurized groundwater flows into the well, the rapid change in pressure and temperature produces huge amounts of steam. 
This steam then turns the blades of a turbine to generate electricity. 
Finally, the remaining cooled water and condensed steam are injected back into the ground to create an open loop that provides electricity without losing water. 
However, we don't have to drill this deep to take advantage of the planet's heat. 
Thanks to solar radiation, dirt just 1.5 meters deep can reach temperatures over 20 degrees Celsius. 
Geothermal heat pumps pipe water or antifreeze liquid through this layer of earth to siphon its energy. 
These liquids are then pumped through local infrastructure, dispersing their heat before moving back through the ground to absorb more energy. 
While external electricity is needed to operate the pumps, the energy provided is far greater than the energy used, meaning this process is also a sustainable loop. 
In fact, geothermal heat pumps are both cheaper to operate and at least two times more energy efficient than fossil fuel equivalents. 
Whether geothermal energy is radiating just below our feet, or heating water several kilometers deep, the planet is constantly radiating heat. 
Averaged across one year, Earth gives off roughly three times more energy than humanity consumes. 
So why does geothermal only account for 0.2% of humanity’s energy production? 
The answer has to do with heat, location, and cost. 
Since geothermal heat pumps rely on the consistent heat found in shallow earth, they can be implemented almost anywhere. 
But geothermal power plants require tapping into high-temperature geothermal fields; regions hotter than 180 degrees and typically several kilometres underground. 
These high temperature zones are hard to find, and drilling this deep for just one of the several wells a plant will need can cost up to $20 million. 
There are regions with shallower geothermal fields. 
Iceland and Japan are near active volcanoes and tectonic plate boundaries, where magma rises up through the crust. 
But these same factors also make those regions prone to earthquakes, which can also be triggered by intensive drilling. 
Furthermore, while geothermal energy is clean and renewable, it’s not entirely harmless. 
Drilling can release vapors containing pollutants like methane and hydrogen sulfide. 
And drilling tools that use pressurized water can contaminate groundwater. 
Fortunately, new technologies are emerging to meet these challenges. 
Emission control systems can capture pollutants, and electromagnetic monitoring can help detect seismic risks. 
We're also uncovering entirely new sources of geothermal energy, like pockets of magma in mid-ocean volcanoes. 
So if we can safely and responsibly tap into the heat sustaining our planet, we might be able to sustain humanity as well.

Can you solve the bridge riddle?
Alex Gendler
Taking that internship in a remote mountain lab might not have been the best idea. 
Pulling that lever with the skull symbol just to see what it did probably wasn't so smart, either, but now is not the time for regrets because you need to get away from these mutant zombies fast. 
With you are the janitor, the lab assistant, and the old professor. 
You've gotten a headstart, but there's only one way to safety: across an old rope bridge spanning a massive gorge. 
You can dash across in a minute, while the lab assistant takes two minutes. 
The janitor is a bit slower and needs five minutes, and the professor takes a whole ten minutes, holding onto the ropes every step of the way. 
By the professor's calculations, the zombies will catch up to you in just over 17 minutes, so you only have that much time to get everyone across and cut the ropes. 
Unfortunately, the bridge can only hold two people at a time. 
To make matters worse, it's so dark out that you can barely see, and the old lantern you grabbed on your way only illuminates a tiny area. 
Can you figure out a way to have everyone escape in time? 
Remember: no more than two people can cross the bridge together, anyone crossing must either hold the lantern or stay right next to it, and any of you can safely wait in the dark on either side of the gorge. 
Most importantly, everyone must be safely across before the zombies arrive. 
Otherwise, the first zombie could step on the bridge while people are still on it. 
Finally, there are no tricks to use here. 
You can't swing across, use the bridge as a raft, or befriend the zombies. 
Pause the video now if you want to figure it out for yourself! 
Answer in: 3 
Answer in: 2 
Answer in: 1 
At first it might seem like no matter what you do, you're just a minute or two short of time, but there is a way. 
The key is to minimize the time wasted by the two slowest people by having them cross together. 
And because you'll need to make a couple of return trips with the lantern, you'll want to have the fastest people available to do so. 
So, you and the lab assistant quickly run across with the lantern, though you have to slow down a bit to match her pace. 
After two minutes, both of you are across, and you, as the quickest, run back with the lantern. 
Only three minutes have passed. 
So far, so good. Now comes the hard part. 
The professor and the janitor take the lantern and cross together. 
This takes them ten minutes since the janitor has to slow down for the old professor who keeps muttering that he probably shouldn't have given the zombies night vision. 
By the time they're across, there are only four minutes left, and you're still stuck on the wrong side of the bridge. 
But remember, the lab assistant has been waiting on the other side, and she's the second fastest of the group. 
So she grabs the lantern from the professor and runs back across to you. 
Now with only two minutes left, the two of you make the final crossing. 
As you step on the far side of the gorge, you cut the ropes and collapse the bridge behind you, just in the nick of time. 
Maybe next summer, you'll just stick to the library.

Making maps to fight disaster, build economies
In 2008, Cyclone Nargis devastated Myanmar. 
Millions of people were in severe need of help. 
The U.N. wanted to rush people and supplies to the area. 
But there were no maps, no maps of roads, no maps showing hospitals, no way for help to reach the cyclone victims. 
When we look at a map of Los Angeles or London, it is hard to believe that as of 2005, only 15 percent of the world was mapped to a geo-codable level of detail. 
The U.N. ran headfirst into a problem that the majority of the world's populous faces: not having detailed maps. 
But help was coming. 
At Google, 40 volunteers used a new software to map 120,000 kilometers of roads, 3,000 hospitals, logistics and relief points. 
And it took them four days. 
The new software they used? 
Google Mapmaker. 
Google Mapmaker is a technology that empowers each of us to map what we know locally. 
People have used this software to map everything from roads to rivers, from schools to local businesses, and video stores to the corner store. 
Maps matter. 
Nobel Prize nominee Hernando De Soto recognized that the key to economic liftoff for most developing countries is to tap the vast amounts of uncapitalized land. 
For example, a trillion dollars of real estate remains uncapitalized in India alone. 
In the last year alone, thousands of users in 170 countries have mapped millions of pieces of information, and created a map of a level of detail never thought viable. 
And this was made possible by the power of passionate users everywhere. 
Let's look at some of the maps being created by users right now. 
So, as we speak, people are mapping the world in these 170 countries. 
You can see Bridget in Africa who just mapped a road in Senegal. 
And, closer to home, Chalua, an N.G. road in Bangalore. 
This is the result of computational geometry, gesture recognition, and machine learning. 
This is a victory of thousands of users, in hundreds of cities, one user, one edit at a time. 
This is an invitation to the 70 percent of our unmapped planet. 
Welcome to the new world. 
(Applause)

Where does creativity hide?
The Value of Nothing: Out of Nothing Comes Something. 
That was an essay I wrote when I was 11 years old and I got a B+. 
(Laughter) 
What I'm going to talk about: nothing out of something, and how we create. 
And I'm gonna try and do that within the 18-minute time span that we were told to stay within, and to follow the TED commandments: that is, actually, something that creates a near-death experience, but near-death is good for creativity. 
(Laughter) 
OK. 
So, I also want to explain, because Dave Eggers said he was going to heckle me if I said anything that was a lie, or not true to universal creativity. 
And I've done it this way for half the audience, who is scientific. 
When I say we, I don't mean you, necessarily; I mean me, and my right brain, my left brain and the one that's in between that is the censor and tells me what I'm saying is wrong. 
And I'm going do that also by looking at what I think is part of my creative process, which includes a number of things that happened, actually -- the nothing started even earlier than the moment in which I'm creating something new. 
And that includes nature, and nurture, and what I refer to as nightmares. 
Now in the nature area, we look at whether or not we are innately equipped with something, perhaps in our brains, some abnormal chromosome that causes this muse-like effect. 
And some people would say that we're born with it in some other means. 
And others, like my mother, would say that I get my material from past lives. 
Some people would also say that creativity may be a function of some other neurological quirk -- van Gogh syndrome -- that you have a little bit of, you know, psychosis, or depression. 
I do have to say, somebody -- I read recently that van Gogh wasn't really necessarily psychotic, that he might have had temporal lobe seizures, and that might have caused his spurt of creativity, and I don't -- I suppose it does something in some part of your brain. 
And I will mention that I actually developed temporal lobe seizures a number of years ago, but it was during the time I was writing my last book, and some people say that book is quite different. 
I think that part of it also begins with a sense of identity crisis: you know, who am I, why am I this particular person, why am I not black like everybody else? 
And sometimes you're equipped with skills, but they may not be the kind of skills that enable creativity. 
I used to draw. 
I thought I would be an artist. 
And I had a miniature poodle. 
And it wasn't bad, but it wasn't really creative. 
Because all I could really do was represent in a very one-on-one way. 
And I have a sense that I probably copied this from a book. 
And then, I also wasn't really shining in a certain area that I wanted to be, and you know, you look at those scores, and it wasn't bad, but it was not certainly predictive that I would one day make my living out of the artful arrangement of words. 
Also, one of the principles of creativity is to have a little childhood trauma. 
And I had the usual kind that I think a lot of people had, and that is that, you know, I had expectations placed on me. 
That figure right there, by the way, figure right there was a toy given to me when I was but nine years old, and it was to help me become a doctor from a very early age. 
I have some ones that were long lasting: from the age of five to 15, this was supposed to be my side occupation, and it led to a sense of failure. 
But actually, there was something quite real in my life that happened when I was about 14. 
And it was discovered that my brother, in 1967, and then my father, six months later, had brain tumors. 
And my mother believed that something had gone wrong, and she was gonna find out what it was, and she was gonna fix it. 
My father was a Baptist minister, and he believed in miracles, and that God's will would take care of that. 
But, of course, they ended up dying, six months apart. 
And after that, my mother believed that it was fate, or curses -- she went looking through all the reasons in the universe why this would have happened. 
Everything except randomness. 
She did not believe in randomness. 
There was a reason for everything. 
And one of the reasons, she thought, was that her mother, who had died when she was very young, was angry at her. 
And so, I had this notion of death all around me, because my mother also believed that I would be next, and she would be next. 
And when you are faced with the prospect of death very soon, you begin to think very much about everything. 
You become very creative, in a survival sense. 
And this, then, led to my big questions. 
And they're the same ones that I have today. 
And they are: why do things happen, and how do things happen? 
And the one my mother asked: how do I make things happen? 
It's a wonderful way to look at these questions, when you write a story. 
Because, after all, in that framework, between page one and 300, you have to answer this question of why things happen, how things happen, in what order they happen. 
What are the influences? 
How do I, as the narrator, as the writer, also influence that? 
And it's also one that, I think, many of our scientists have been asking. 
It's a kind of cosmology, and I have to develop a cosmology of my own universe, as the creator of that universe. 
And you see, there's a lot of back and forth in trying to make that happen, trying to figure it out -- years and years, oftentimes. 
So, when I look at creativity, I also think that it is this sense or this inability to repress, my looking at associations in practically anything in life. 
And I got a lot of them during what's been going on throughout this conference, almost everything that's been going on. 
And so I'm going to use, as the metaphor, this association: quantum mechanics, which I really don't understand, but I'm still gonna use it as the process for explaining how it is the metaphor. 
So, in quantum mechanics, of course, you have dark energy and dark matter. 
And it's the same thing in looking at these questions of how things happen. 
There's a lot of unknown, and you often don't know what it is except by its absence. 
But when you make those associations, you want them to come together in a kind of synergy in the story, and what you're finding is what matters. 
The meaning. 
And that's what I look for in my work, a personal meaning. 
There is also the uncertainty principle, which is part of quantum mechanics, as I understand it. 
(Laughter) 
And this happens constantly in the writing. 
And there's the terrible and dreaded observer effect, in which you're looking for something, and you know, things are happening simultaneously, and you're looking at it in a different way, and you're trying to really look for the about-ness, or what is this story about. 
And if you try too hard, then you will only write the about. 
You won't discover anything. 
And what you were supposed to find, what you hoped to find in some serendipitous way, is no longer there. 
Now, I don't want to ignore the other side of what happens in our universe, like many of our scientists have. 
And so, I am going to just throw in string theory here, and just say that creative people are multidimensional, and there are 11 levels, I think, of anxiety. 
(Laughter) 
And they all operate at the same time. 
There is also a big question of ambiguity. 
And I would link that to something called the cosmological constant. 
And you don't know what is operating, but something is operating there. 
And ambiguity, to me, is very uncomfortable in my life, and I have it. 
Moral ambiguity. 
It is constantly there. 
And, just as an example, this is one that recently came to me. 
It was something I read in an editorial by a woman who was talking about the war in Iraq. 
And she said, "Save a man from drowning, you are responsible to him for life."
A very famous Chinese saying, she said. 
And that means because we went into Iraq, we should stay there until things were solved. 
You know, maybe even 100 years. 
So, there was another one that I came across, and it's "saving fish from drowning."
And it's what Buddhist fishermen say, because they're not supposed to kill anything. 
And they also have to make a living, and people need to be fed. 
So their way of rationalizing that is they are saving the fish from drowning, and unfortunately, in the process the fish die. 
Now, what's encapsulated in both these drowning metaphors -- actually, one of them is my mother's interpretation, and it is a famous Chinese saying, because she said it to me: "save a man from drowning, you are responsible to him for life."
And it was a warning -- don't get involved in other people's business, or you're going to get stuck. 
OK. 
I think if somebody really was drowning, she'd save them. 
But, both of these sayings -- saving a fish from drowning, or saving a man from drowning -- to me they had to do with intentions. 
And all of us in life, when we see a situation, we have a response. 
And then we have intentions. 
There's an ambiguity of what that should be that we should do, and then we do something. 
And the results of that may not match what our intentions had been. 
Maybe things go wrong. 
And so, after that, what are our responsibilities? 
What are we supposed to do? 
Do we stay in for life, or do we do something else and justify and say, well, my intentions were good, and therefore I cannot be held responsible for all of it? 
That is the ambiguity in my life that really disturbed me, and led me to write a book called "Saving Fish From Drowning."
I saw examples of that. 
Once I identified this question, it was all over the place. 
I got these hints everywhere. 
And then, in a way, I knew that they had always been there. 
And then writing, that's what happens. I get these hints, these clues, and I realize that they've been obvious, and yet they have not been. 
And what I need, in effect, is a focus. 
And when I have the question, it is a focus. 
And all these things that seem to be flotsam and jetsam in life actually go through that question, and what happens is those particular things become relevant. 
And it seems like it's happening all the time. You think there's a sort of coincidence going on, a serendipity, in which you're getting all this help from the universe. 
And it may also be explained that now you have a focus. 
And you are noticing it more often. 
But you apply this. 
You begin to look at things having to do with your tensions. 
Your brother, who's fallen in trouble, do you take care of him? 
Why or why not? 
It may be something that is perhaps more serious -- as I said, human rights in Burma. 
I was thinking that I shouldn't go because somebody said, if I did, it would show that I approved of the military regime there. 
And then, after a while, I had to ask myself, "Why do we take on knowledge, why do we take on assumptions that other people have given us?"
And it was the same thing that I felt when I was growing up, and was hearing these rules of moral conduct from my father, who was a Baptist minister. 
So I decided that I would go to Burma for my own intentions, and still didn't know that if I went there, what the result of that would be, if I wrote a book -- and I just would have to face that later, when the time came. 
We are all concerned with things that we see in the world that we are aware of. 
We come to this point and say, what do I as an individual do? 
Not all of us can go to Africa, or work at hospitals, so what do we do, if we have this moral response, this feeling? 
Also, I think one of the biggest things we are all looking at, and we talked about today, is genocide. 
This leads to this question. 
When I look at all these things that are morally ambiguous and uncomfortable, and I consider what my intentions should be, I realize it goes back to this identity question that I had when I was a child -- and why am I here, and what is the meaning of my life, and what is my place in the universe? 
It seems so obvious, and yet it is not. 
e all hate moral ambiguity in some sense, and yet it is also absolutely necessary. 
In writing a story, it is the place where I begin. 
Sometimes I get help from the universe, it seems. 
My mother would say it was the ghost of my grandmother from the very first book, because it seemed I knew things I was not supposed to know. 
Instead of writing that the grandmother died accidentally, from an overdose of opium, while having too much of a good time, I actually put down in the story that the woman killed herself, and that actually was the way it happened. 
And my mother decided that that information must have come from my grandmother. 
There are also things, quite uncanny, which bring me information that will help me in the writing of the book. 
In this case, I was writing a story that included some kind of detail, period of history, a certain location. 
And I needed to find something historically that would match that. 
And I took down this book, and I -- first page that I flipped it to was exactly the setting, and the time period, and the kind of character I needed -- was the Taiping rebellion, happening in the area near Guilin, outside of that, and a character who thought he was the son of God. 
You wonder, are these things random chance? 
Well, what is random? 
What is chance? 
What is luck? 
What are things that you get from the universe that you can't really explain? 
And that goes into the story, too. 
These are the things I constantly think about from day to day. 
Especially when good things happen, and, in particular, when bad things happen. 
But I do think there's a kind of serendipity, and I do want to know what those elements are, so I can thank them, and also try to find them in my life. 
Because, again, I think that when I am aware of them, more of them happen. 
Another chance encounter is when I went to a place -- I just was with some friends, and we drove randomly to a different place, and we ended up in this non-tourist location, a beautiful village, pristine. 
And we walked three valleys beyond, and the third valley, there was something quite mysterious and ominous, a discomfort I felt. 
And then I knew that had to be [the] setting of my book. 
And in writing one of the scenes, it happened in that third valley. 
For some reason I wrote about cairns -- stacks of rocks -- that a man was building. 
And I didn't know exactly why I had it, but it was so vivid.
I got stuck, and a friend, when she asked if I would go for a walk with her dogs, that I said, sure. 
And about 45 minutes later, walking along the beach, I came across this. 
And it was a man, a Chinese man, and he was stacking these things, not with glue, not with anything. 
And I asked him, "How is it possible to do this?"And he said, "Well, I guess with everything in life, there's a place of balance."
And this was exactly the meaning of my story at that point. 
I had so many examples -- I have so many instances like this, when I'm writing a story, and I cannot explain it. 
Is it because I had the filter that I have such a strong coincidence in writing about these things?
Or is it a kind of serendipity that we cannot explain, like the cosmological constant? 
A big thing that I also think about is accidents. 
And as I said, my mother did not believe in randomness. 
What is the nature of accidents? 
And how are we going to assign what the responsibility and the causes are, outside of a court of law? 
I was able to see that in a firsthand way, when I went to beautiful Dong village, in Guizhou, the poorest province of China. 
And I saw this beautiful place. 
I knew I wanted to come back. 
And I had a chance to do that, when National Geographic asked me if I wanted to write anything about China. 
And I said yes, about this village of singing people, singing minority. 
And they agreed, and between the time I saw this place and the next time I went, there was a terrible accident. 
A man, an old man, fell asleep, and his quilt dropped in a pan of fire that kept him warm. 
60 homes were destroyed, and 40 were damaged. 
Responsibility was assigned to the family. 
The man's sons were banished to live three kilometers away, in a cowshed.
And, of course, as Westerners, we say, "Well, it was an accident. That's not fair. It's the son, not the father."
When I go on a story, I have to let go of those kinds of beliefs. 
It takes a while, but I have to let go of them and just go there, and be there. 
And so I was there on three occasions, different seasons. 
And I began to sense something different about the history, and what had happened before, and the nature of life in a very poor village, and what you find as your joys, and your rituals, your traditions, your links with other families. 
And I saw how this had a kind of justice, in its responsibility. 
I was able to find out also about the ceremony that they were using, a ceremony they hadn't used in about 29 years. 
And it was to send some men -- a Feng Shui master sent men down to the underworld on ghost horses. 
Now you, as Westerners, and I, as Westerners, would say well, that's superstition. 
But after being there for a while, and seeing the amazing things that happened, you begin to wonder whose beliefs are those that are in operation in the world, determining how things happen. 
So I remained with them, and the more I wrote that story, the more I got into those beliefs, and I think that's important for me -- to take on the beliefs, because that is where the story is real, and that is where I'm gonna find the answers to how I feel about certain questions that I have in life. 
Years go by, of course, and the writing, it doesn't happen instantly, as I'm trying to convey it to you here at TED. 
The book comes and it goes. 
When it arrives, it is no longer my book. 
It is in the hands of readers, and they interpret it differently. 
But I go back to this question of, how do I create something out of nothing? 
And how do I create my own life? 
And I think it is by questioning, and saying to myself that there are no absolute truths. 
I believe in specifics, the specifics of story, and the past, the specifics of that past, and what is happening in the story at that point. 
I also believe that in thinking about things -- my thinking about luck, and fate, and coincidences and accidents, God's will, and the synchrony of mysterious forces -- I will come to some notion of what that is, how we create. 
I have to think of my role. 
Where I am in the universe, and did somebody intend for me to be that way, or is it just something I came up with? 
And I also can find that by imagining fully, and becoming what is imagined -- and yet is in that real world, the fictional world. 
And that is how I find particles of truth, not the absolute truth, or the whole truth. 
And they have to be in all possibilities, including those I never considered before. 
So, there are never complete answers. 
Or rather, if there is an answer, it is to remind myself that there is uncertainty in everything, and that is good, because then I will discover something new. 
And if there is a partial answer, a more complete answer from me, it is to simply imagine. 
And to imagine is to put myself in that story, until there was only -- there is a transparency between me and the story that I am creating. 
And that's how I've discovered that if I feel what is in the story -- in one story -- then I come the closest, I think, to knowing what compassion is, to feeling that compassion. 
Because for everything, in that question of how things happen, it has to do with the feeling. 
I have to become the story in order to understand a lot of that. 
We've come to the end of the talk, and I will reveal what is in the bag, and it is the muse, and it is the things that transform in our lives, that are wonderful and stay with us. 
There she is. 
Thank you very much! 
(Applause)

5 ways to listen better
We are losing our listening. 
We spend roughly 60 percent of our communication time listening, but we're not very good at it. 
We retain just 25 percent of what we hear. 
Now -- not you, not this talk, but that is generally true. 
(Laughter) 
Let's define listening as making meaning from sound. 
It's a mental process, and it's a process of extraction. 
We use some pretty cool techniques to do this. 
One of them is pattern recognition. 
(Crowd noises) 
So in a cocktail party like this, if I say, "David, Sara, pay attention"-- some of you just sat up. 
We recognize patterns to distinguish noise from signal, and especially our name. 
Differencing is another technique we use. 
If I left this pink noise on for more than a couple of minutes, (Pink noise) you would literally cease to hear it. 
We listen to differences; we discount sounds that remain the same. 
And then there is a whole range of filters. 
These filters take us from all sound down to what we pay attention to. 
Most people are entirely unconscious of these filters. 
But they actually create our reality in a way, because they tell us what we're paying attention to right now. 
I'll give you one example of that. 
Intention is very important in sound, in listening. 
When I married my wife, I promised her I would listen to her every day as if for the first time. 
Now that's something I fall short of on a daily basis. 
(Laughter) 
But it's a great intention to have in a relationship. 
(Laughter) 
But that's not all. 
Sound places us in space and in time. 
If you close your eyes right now in this room, you're aware of the size of the room from the reverberation and the bouncing of the sound off the surfaces; you're aware of how many people are around you, because of the micro-noises you're receiving. 
And sound places us in time as well, because sound always has time embedded in it. 
In fact, I would suggest that our listening is the main way that we experience the flow of time from past to future. 
So, "Sonority is time and meaning"-- a great quote. 
I said at the beginning, we're losing our listening. 
Why did I say that? 
Well, there are a lot of reasons for this. 
First of all, we invented ways of recording -- first writing, then audio recording and now video recording as well. 
The premium on accurate and careful listening has simply disappeared. 
Secondly, the world is now so noisy, (Noise) with this cacophony going on visually and auditorily, it's just hard to listen; it's tiring to listen. 
Many people take refuge in headphones, but they turn big, public spaces like this, shared soundscapes, into millions of tiny, little personal sound bubbles. 
In this scenario, nobody's listening to anybody. 
We're becoming impatient. 
We don't want oratory anymore; we want sound bites. 
And the art of conversation is being replaced -- dangerously, I think -- by personal broadcasting. 
I don't know how much listening there is in this conversation, which is sadly very common, especially in the UK. 
We're becoming desensitized. 
Our media have to scream at us with these kinds of headlines in order to get our attention. 
And that means it's harder for us to pay attention to the quiet, the subtle, the understated. 
This is a serious problem that we're losing our listening. 
This is not trivial, because listening is our access to understanding. 
Conscious listening always creates understanding, and only without conscious listening can these things happen. 
A world where we don't listen to each other at all is a very scary place indeed. 
So I'd like to share with you five simple exercises, tools you can take away with you, to improve your own conscious listening. 
Would you like that? 
Audience: Yes! 
Good. 
The first one is silence. 
Just three minutes a day of silence is a wonderful exercise to reset your ears and to recalibrate, so that you can hear the quiet again. 
If you can't get absolute silence, go for quiet, that's absolutely fine. 
Second, I call this "the mixer."
(Noise) 
So even if you're in a noisy environment like this -- and we all spend a lot of time in places like this -- listen in the coffee bar to how many channels of sound can I hear? 
How many individual channels in that mix am I listening to? 
You can do it in a beautiful place as well, like in a lake. 
How many birds am I hearing? 
Where are they? 
Where are those ripples? 
It's a great exercise for improving the quality of your listening. 
Third, this exercise I call "savoring,"and this is a beautiful exercise. 
It's about enjoying mundane sounds. 
This, for example, is my tumble dryer. 
(Dryer) 
It's a waltz -- one, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three. 
I love it! 
Or just try this one on for size. 
(Coffee grinder) 
Wow! 
So, mundane sounds can be really interesting -- if you pay attention. 
I call that the "hidden choir"-- it's around us all the time. 
The next exercise is probably the most important of all of these, if you just take one thing away. 
This is listening positions -- the idea that you can move your listening position to what's appropriate to what you're listening to. 
This is playing with those filters. 
Remember I gave you those filters? 
It's starting to play with them as levers, to get conscious about them and to move to different places. 
These are just some of the listening positions, or scales of listening positions, that you can use. 
There are many. 
Have fun with that. 
It's very exciting. 
And finally, an acronym. You can use this in listening, in communication. 
If you're in any one of those roles -- and I think that probably is everybody who's listening to this talk -- the acronym is RASA, which is the Sanskrit word for "juice" or "essence."
And RASA stands for "Receive," which means pay attention to the person; "Appreciate," making little noises like "hmm," "oh," "OK"; "Summarize"-- the word "so" is very important in communication; and "Ask," ask questions afterwards. 
Now sound is my passion, it's my life. 
I wrote a whole book about it. 
So I live to listen. 
That's too much to ask for most people. 
But I believe that every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully -- connected in space and in time to the physical world around us, connected in understanding to each other, not to mention spiritually connected, because every spiritual path I know of has listening and contemplation at its heart. 
That's why we need to teach listening in our schools as a skill. 
Why is it not taught? 
It's crazy. 
And if we can teach listening in our schools, we can take our listening off that slippery slope to that dangerous, scary world that I talked about, and move it to a place where everybody is consciously listening all the time, or at least capable of doing it. 
Now, I don't know how to do that, but this is TED, and I think the TED community is capable of anything. 
So I invite you to connect with me, connect with each other, take this mission out. 
And let's get listening taught in schools, and transform the world in one generation to a conscious, listening world -- a world of connection, a world of understanding and a world of peace. 
Thank you for listening to me today. 
(Applause)

A mobile fridge for vaccines | Adam Grosser at ang kanyang sustainable fridge
Adam Grosser | Adam Grosser
This is a work in process, based on some comments that were made at TED two years ago about the need for the storage of vaccine. (Video): [On this planet 1.6 billion people don't have access to electricity refrigeration or stored fuels this is a problem it impacts: the spread of disease the storage of food and medicine and the quality of life. So here's the plan ... inexpensive refrigeration that doesn't use electricity, propane, gas, kerosene or consumables time for some thermodynamics And the story of the Intermittent Absorption Refrigerator] Adam Grosser: So 29 years ago, I had this thermo teacher who talked about absorption and refrigeration, one of those things that stuck in my head, a lot like the Stirling engine: it was cool, but you didn't know what to do with it. It was invented in 1858, by this guy Ferdinand Carré, but he couldn't actually build anything with it because of the tools at the time. This crazy Canadian named Powel Crosley commercialized this thing called the IcyBall, in 1928. It was a really neat idea, and I'll get to why it didn't work, but here's how it works. There's two spheres and they're separated in distance. One has a working fluid, water and ammonia, and the other is a condenser. You heat up one side, the hot side. The ammonia evaporates and it recondenses in the other side. You let it cool to room temperature, and then, as the ammonia reevaporates and combines with the water back on the erstwhile hot side, it creates a powerful cooling effect. So it was a great idea that didn't work at all. They blew up. (Laughter) Because you're using ammonia, you get hugely high pressures if you heated them wrong; it topped 400 psi. The ammonia was toxic, it sprayed everywhere. But it was kind of an interesting thought. So the great thing about 2006, there's a lot of really great computational work you can do. So we got the whole thermodynamics department at Stanford involved -- a lot of computational fluid dynamics. We proved that most of the ammonia refrigeration tables are wrong. We found some nontoxic refrigerants that worked at very low vapor pressures. We brought in a team from the UK -- a lot of great refrigeration people, it turns out, in the UK -- and built a test rig, and proved that, in fact, we could make a low-pressure, nontoxic refrigerator. So this is the way it works. You put it on a cooking fire. Most people have cooking fires in the world, whether it's camel dung or wood. It heats up for about 30 minutes, cools for an hour. You put it into a container and it will refrigerate for 24 hours. It looks like this. This is the fifth prototype, it's not quite done. It weighs about eight pounds, and this is the way it works. You put it into a 15-liter vessel, about three gallons, and it'll cool it down to just above freezing -- three degrees above freezing -- for 24 hours in a 30 degree C environment. It's really cheap. We think we can build these in high volumes for about 25 dollars, in low volumes for about 40 dollars. And we think we can make refrigeration something that everybody can have. Thank you. (Applause)

Life lessons from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 | Mga Aral na Mapupulot sa Symphony No. 9 ni Beethoven
Benjamin Zander | Benjamin Zander
One of the things I've noticed is that people get confused about the difference between possibility and positive thinking, and I thought I would just spend a moment on that because it's worth eliminating that confusion. I'm going to tell you a story which will give you clarity about that forever. My father was a refugee from Nazi Germany. He lost his mother in the death camps, and eight other members of his family, lost everything that he had. And he came to England to set up life. And then, at the height of the war, he was interned, as the Japanese were here. And so he found himself on the Isle of Man with 2,000 other men, all of them in a state of shock and fear and anxiety and loss. And he looked around and said, "There are a lot of intelligent people here. We should start a university."And so they did. And they had 46 classes a week, and there was no paper or pencil or blackboard or chalk, just people talking to each other. And that is possibility. If he'd gone around saying, "Isn't it great here?"Somebody would have hit him in the face. (Laughter) Because positive thinking is pretending things are good when you know they're shitty. Which is why positive thinkers are so irritating. (Laughter and applause) Positive thinking is a fraud. (Laughter) And possibility is a language of creation. And I want to tell you a little story about that which happened to me. I was at Merrill Lynch, and there was a conversation going on about how they could be the best in the world. And one of the vice presidents spoke up, and she said, "Why can't we talk about what could be the best for the world?"And suddenly at that moment, the whole conversation shifted into possibility. So possibility is a discipline and very much a discipline in language. It's a rigorous discipline to keep the story and the ideas and the way of being, which is possibility. The greatest example of a possibility person that I know of in music is Beethoven. Beethoven was deaf. He was ill, he was suicidal, he was alone, he was depressed. And he wrote some of the most affirmative music that has ever been written. And it's almost extraordinary to think that somebody who is in that state of despair could write -- (Vocalizing) (Playing Beethoven, vocalizing) How can you resist that? (Laughter and applause) Try. (Applause) So Beethoven also taught us. He taught us really, that there is always a path to triumph, even from the darkest despair. That's something that we've actually learned from Beethoven. And he also has taught us that it's much more than the notes itself. It's how you play them. Most of you have heard, probably innumerable times and possibly even played. (Playing "Moonlight Sonata"by Beethoven) And although those notes are beautiful in themselves, it isn't until you make shape, until you make a line with the music that it starts to come alive. And like a bird who flies over the fields, the birds do not care about the fences that keep the sheep in their place. But it's the same with music, that if you understand that that is merely an accompaniment in the right hand, and the left hand is doing something very different. (Playing piano) How would it be if we just sang that together? (Vocalizing) Do you notice that the last note is connected to the first note? They are like pillars with an arch above them. So let's do it one more time and hear those two notes from the beginning and the end, linked together. (Vocalizing) Now, if I put the right hand together with that, it's -- (Playing “Moonlight Sonata” variation) It becomes a completely different piece. Isn't that lovely? (Applause) Isn't it wonderful that whatever state you're in, and I imagine at the end of a long day like this, you're actually quite tired. And yet when Beethoven speaks, the calmness is uplifting. Leon Fleisher, the great American pianist, said: “Classical music is an act of anti-gravity.” And Beethoven had that capacity. And if you feel that inside your body -- (Playing piano, vocalizing) Interestingly enough, you know, Beethoven didn't call that a "Moonlight Sonata."He called it “Sonata quasi una fantasia.” It was the publisher who thought he would make more money if he called it the "Moonlight Sonata."And people thought, oh, well, if it's the moonlight, then surely one ought to be in this state. (Playing piano) (Laughter) It's just good in possibility to rethink whatever our habits are, whatever we take on from tradition, and reinvestigate everything that we approach and see. So now what we're going to do, and this is very exciting, we’re actually going to sing the Beethoven 9th in German. (Laughter) Now I say that with such confidence because I know that you can all sing, because everybody loves classical music. Many people haven't found out about it yet, but there isn't anybody who doesn't love this music. And Beethoven managed to write a piece that the whole world has embraced -- out of that despair, out of that sense of restriction that he had in his own personal life. He wrote the most affirmative music that anybody has ever written, and it's known all over the world. So we're going to have the pleasure of learning the piece and performing it. So from the beginning, everybody together. (Reading lyrics to "Symphony No. 9"in German) Well, you know the song. Let's sing it. (Playing “Symphony No. 9”) (Singing) Wonderful, great job, fantastic. (Applause) I was watching you while you were reading, and a lot of you are going -- (Speaking German) What Beethoven wanted was what I call a “one-buttock line of music.” You see, in order to play music in a musical way, you have to allow yourself to go on to one buttock. (Playing) (Laughter) It's so beautiful. Actually, I have it here. It's the most beautiful phrase by Gustav Mahler. He sent a love letter to his beloved, Alma. And she received it. She was a musician, so she could hear it. She didn't need to read the letter because it was in music. So she heard it. And this is what it said. (Playing, vocalizing) And she said, "He loves me."(Laughter) And she sent a message to him, said, "Tell him to come."And they got married, of course, because when you hear that, (Vocalizing) I love you, darling. Don't ever leave. Of course, it doesn't have words, it doesn't need words. The music is much more expressive than any words could be. So we call that one-buttock playing. So what I want to suggest here is that instead of going -- (German) We get what I call a one-buttock line of vision, like Beethoven had in mind, like this. (Singing in German) Now I'm in the wrong key. Just a moment. (Singing in German) Try that now. (Audience singing “Symphony No. 9”) Sounds gorgeous. Now, it sounds a little bit to say you're not quite sure what you're singing about. (Laughter) So let me tell you. “Freude” is “joy,” "schöner"is "beautiful,""Götterfunken"is "God-like shining bright light."OK, all in one word, "Götterfunken.""Tochter aus Elysium"is "daughter of heaven.""Wir betreten"is "we stand,""feuertrunken"is "drunk with fire.""We stand drunk with fire at your heavenly holy place,""Himmlische, dein Heiligtum."That's the first part. Now comes the most important part. "Deine Zauber,"says the poet Schiller, speaking to God. "Your magic,"says the poet, "your magic binds together."“Was die Mode streng geteilt,” "what habit and fashion has torn apart."Now, what the poet is saying is our habits, our fashions, our preconceived ideas, our assumptions, our addiction to being right, all the things that stand in the way of possibility prevent us from accessing the true vision that Schiller and Beethoven were bringing to the world, which is “Alle Menschen werden Brüder,” “All human beings will be as brothers,” right? It's only if we take care of those assumptions and resistance, and that, as what I call the addiction to being right and the preconceived notions and all the things that we're addicted to. If we can give that up, we can have this vision of “Alle Menschen werden Brüder,” “All humans living together.” And the final line is, “Wo dein sanfter Flügel weilt” which means “where your soft wings [abide].” So this is the song to the possibility that human beings are. So now knowing that, would you please stand? (Laughter) And if you're all excited about the possibility that human beings are, could you inform your faces about it, please? (Laughter) Are you ready? (Singing) Yeah, now you know, you're doing great. You're doing great. You're doing great. But I hear some serious holding back in this room. All right, so I want to tell you a story. A student of mine at the New England Conservatory came to see me in my home because he had a very important audition. He wanted to be the associate principal cellist in Barcelona, which was the town he came from. And so he came to play for me, and he played very well. It was excellent playing. I said, "Marius, you're a wonderful cellist. I'm sure you'll get into the orchestra, but I don’t think you’ll make the leadership role. Because to be a leader, you have to open up possibility for people they don’t even know about, and you're not doing that."And so I went to the piano, and he started playing and gradually, his hair began to, sort of, and his sweat began to pour. Finally I said, "Marius, you play that way, they won't be able to resist you."So then, at the end of the evening he left, and he went home. And I said to him as he left, I said, "Marius, when you go to the audition, don't play the first way.""No, I play second way."So off he went. Came back three weeks later and I said, "Marius, how did it go?"And he said, "I didn't get the job."I said, "Never mind.""No, no, no, wait,"he said, "you haven't heard the whole story."And then in his heavy Spanish accent, he said, “I was so pissed off, I said, ‘fock it’” he said. (Laughter) He said, "I'm going to go to Valladolid,"which is a town in Spain. He said, “I played the audition for that orchestra, and I won the job. Twice the salary of the other job."(Laughter) I said, "What happened?"He said, "I played the second way."So we introduced a new phrase into my teaching world, which all my students know, including the little ones. And it’s: “beyond the fock-it.” (Laughter) Beyond the fock-it, right? (Applause) I went to a Catholic girls school in Monterey, and I gave a talk there. And the headmistress, Sister Carlotta, she wrote me, "BTFI has become our school motto."(Laughter) So this is what I want to invite you to do. One more performance. And Beethoven is telling us to sing with all our heart. BTFI, are you ready? (Singing in German) Bravo! (Applause and cheers) Bravo! (Applause)

Weird, or just different? | Mahiwaga, o kakaiba lang?
Derek Sivers | Derek Sivers
So, imagine you're standing on a street anywhere in America and a Japanese man comes up to you and says, "Excuse me, what is the name of this block?"And you say, "I'm sorry, well, this is Oak Street, that's Elm Street. This is 26th, that's 27th."He says, "OK, but what is the name of that block?"You say, "Well, blocks don't have names. Streets have names; blocks are just the unnamed spaces in between streets."He leaves, a little confused and disappointed. So, now imagine you're standing on a street, anywhere in Japan, you turn to a person next to you and say, "Excuse me, what is the name of this street?"They say, "Oh, well that's Block 17 and this is Block 16."And you say, "OK, but what is the name of this street?"And they say, "Well, streets don't have names. Blocks have names. Just look at Google Maps here. There's Block 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19. All of these blocks have names, and the streets are just the unnamed spaces in between the blocks. And you say then, "OK, then how do you know your home address?"He said, "Well, easy, this is District Eight. There's Block 17, house number one."You say, "OK, but walking around the neighborhood, I noticed that the house numbers don't go in order."He says, "Of course they do. They go in the order in which they were built. The first house ever built on a block is house number one. The second house ever built is house number two. Third is house number three. It's easy. It's obvious."So, I love that sometimes we need to go to the opposite side of the world to realize assumptions we didn't even know we had, and realize that the opposite of them may also be true. So, for example, there are doctors in China who believe that it's their job to keep you healthy. So, any month you are healthy you pay them, and when you're sick you don't have to pay them because they failed at their job. They get rich when you're healthy, not sick. (Applause) In most music, we think of the "one"as the downbeat, the beginning of the musical phrase: one, two, three, four. But in West African music, the "one"is thought of as the end of the phrase, like the period at the end of a sentence. So, you can hear it not just in the phrasing, but the way they count off their music: two, three, four, one. And this map is also accurate. (Laughter) There's a saying that whatever true thing you can say about India, the opposite is also true. So, let's never forget, whether at TED, or anywhere else, that whatever brilliant ideas you have or hear, that the opposite may also be true. Domo arigato gozaimashita.

A supercharged motorcycle design | Ang supercharged na disenyo ng motorsiklo
Yves Béhar | Yves Béhar
Forrest North: The beginning of any collaboration starts with a conversation. And I would like to share with you some of the bits of the conversation that we started with. I grew up in a log cabin in Washington state with too much time on my hands. Yves Behar: And in scenic Switzerland for me. FN: I always had a passion for alternative vehicles. This is a land yacht racing across the desert in Nevada. YB: Combination of windsurfing and skiing into this invention there. FN: And I also had an interest in dangerous inventions. This is a 100,000-volt Tesla coil that I built in my bedroom, much to the dismay of my mother. YB: To the dismay of my mother, this is dangerous teenage fashion right there. (Laughter) FN: And I brought this all together, this passion with alternative energy and raced a solar car across Australia -- also the U.S. and Japan. YB: So, wind power, solar power -- we had a lot to talk about. We had a lot that got us excited. So we decided to do a special project together. To combine engineering and design and ... FN: Really make a fully integrated product, something beautiful. YB: And we made a baby. (Laughter) FN: Can you bring out our baby? (Applause) This baby is fully electric. It goes 150 miles an hour. It's twice the range of any electric motorcycle. Really the exciting thing about a motorcycle is just the beautiful integration of engineering and design. It's got an amazing user experience. It was wonderful working with Yves Behar. He came up with our name and logo. We're Mission Motors. And we've only got three minutes, but we could talk about it for hours. YB: Thank you. FN: Thank you TED. And thank you Chris, for having us. (Applause)

How ideas trump crises | Ang paggamit ng ideya sa pagsugpo sa sakuna
Alex Tabarrok | Alex Tabarrok
The first half of the 20th century was an absolute disaster in human affairs, a cataclysm. We had the First World War, the Great Depression, the Second World War and the rise of the communist nations. And each one of these forces split the world, tore the world apart, divided the world. And they threw up walls -- political walls, trade walls, transportation walls, communication walls, iron curtains -- which divided peoples and nations. It was only in the second half of the 20th century that we slowly began to pull ourselves out of this abyss. Trade walls began to come tumbling down. Here are some data on tariffs: starting at 40 percent, coming down to less than 5 percent. We globalized the world. And what does that mean? It means that we extended cooperation across national boundaries; we made the world more cooperative. Transportation walls came tumbling down. You know in 1950 the typical ship carried 5,000 to 10,000 tons worth of goods. Today a container ship can carry 150,000 tons; it can be manned with a smaller crew; and unloaded faster than ever before. Communication walls, I don't have to tell you -- the Internet -- have come tumbling down. And of course the iron curtains, political walls have come tumbling down. Now all of this has been tremendous for the world. Trade has increased. Here is just a little bit of data. In 1990, exports from China to the United States: 15 billion dollars. By 2007: over 300 billion dollars. And perhaps most remarkably, at the beginning of the 21st century, really for the first time in modern history, growth extended to almost all parts of the world. So China, I've already mentioned, beginning around 1978, around the time of the death of Mao, growth -- ten percent a year. Year after year after year, absolutely incredible. Never before in human history have so many people been raised out of such great poverty as happened in China. China is the world's greatest anti-poverty program over the last three decades. India, starting a little bit later, but in 1990, begetting tremendous growth. Incomes at that time less than $1,000 per year. And over the next 18 years have almost tripled. Growth of six percent a year. Absolutely incredible. Now Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa -- Sub-Saharan Africa has been the area of the world most resistant to growth. And we can see the tragedy of Africa in the first few bars here. Growth was negative. People were actually getting poorer than their parents, and sometimes even poorer than their grandparents had been. But at the end of the 20th century, the beginning of the 21st century, we saw growth in Africa. And I think, as you'll see, there's reasons for optimism, because I believe that the best is yet to come. Now why. On the cutting edge today it's new ideas which are driving growth. And by that I mean it's products for which the research and development costs are really high, and the manufacturing costs are low. More than ever before it is these types of ideas which are driving growth on the cutting edge. Now ideas have this amazing property. Thomas Jefferson, I think, really expressed this quite well. He said, "He who receives an idea from me receives instruction himself, without lessening mine. As he who lights his candle at mine receives light without darkening me."Or to put it slightly differently: one apple feeds one man, but an idea can feed the world. Now this is not new. This is practically not new to TEDsters. This is practically the model of TED. But what is new is that the greater function of ideas is going to drive growth even more than ever before. This provides a reason why trade and globalization are even more important, more powerful than ever before, and are going to increase growth more than ever before. And to explain why this is so, I have a question. Suppose that there are two diseases: one of them is rare, the other one is common, but if they are not treated they are equally severe. If you had to choose, which would you rather have: the common disease or the rare disease? Common, the common -- I think that's absolutely right, and why? Because there are more drugs to treat common diseases than there are to treat rare diseases. The reason for this is incentives. It costs about the same to produce a new drug whether that drug treats 1,000 people, 100,000 people, or a million people. But the revenues are much greater if the drug treats a million people. So the incentives are much larger to produce drugs which treat more people. To put this differently: larger markets save lives. In this case misery truly does love company. Now think about the following: if China and India were as rich as the United States is today, the market for cancer drugs would be eight times larger than it is now. Now we are not there yet, but it is happening. As other countries become richer the demand for these pharmaceuticals is going to increase tremendously. And that means an increase incentive to do research and development, which benefits everyone in the world. Larger markets increase the incentive to produce all kinds of ideas, whether it's software, whether it's a computer chip, whether it's a new design. For the Hollywood people in the audience, this even explains why action movies have larger budgets than comedies: it's because action movies translate easier into other languages and other cultures, so the market for those movies is larger. People are willing to invest more, and the budgets are larger. Alright. Well if larger markets increase the incentive to produce new ideas, how do we maximize that incentive? It's by having one world market, by globalizing the world. The way I like to put this is: one idea. Ideas are meant to be shared, so one idea can serve one world, one market. One idea, one world, one market. Well how else can we create new ideas? That's one reason. Globalize trade. How else can we create new ideas? Well, more idea creators. Now idea creators, they come from all walks of life. Artists and innovators -- many of the people you've seen on this stage. I'm going to focus on scientists and engineers because I have some data on that, and I'm a data person. Now, today, less than one-tenth of one percent of the world's population are scientists and engineers. (Laughter) The United States has been an idea leader. A large fraction of those people are in the United States. But the U.S. is losing its idea leadership. And for that I am very grateful. That is a good thing. It is fortunate that we are becoming less of an idea leader because for too long the United States, and a handful of other developed countries, have shouldered the entire burden of research and development. But consider the following: if the world as a whole were as wealthy as the United States is now there would be more than five times as many scientists and engineers contributing to ideas which benefit everyone, which are shared by everyone. I think of the great Indian mathematician, Ramanujan. How many Ramanujans are there in India today toiling in the fields, barely able to feed themselves, when they could be feeding the world? Now we're not there yet. But it is going to happen in this century. The real tragedy of the last century is this: if you think about the world's population as a giant computer, a massively parallel processor, then the great tragedy has been that billions of our processors have been off line. But in this century China is coming on line. India is coming on line. Africa is coming on line. We will see an Einstein in Africa in this century. Here is just some data. This is China. 1996: less than one million new university students in China per year; 2006: over five million. Now think what this means. This means we all benefit when another country gets rich. We should not fear other countries becoming wealthy. That is something that we should embrace -- a wealthy China, a wealthy India, a wealthy Africa. We need a greater demand for ideas -- those larger markets I was talking about earlier -- and a greater supply of ideas for the world. Now you can see some of the reasons why I'm optimistic. Globalization is increasing the demand for ideas, the incentive to create new ideas. Investments in education are increasing the supply of new ideas. In fact if you look at world history you can see some reasons for optimism. From about the beginnings of humanity to 1500: zero economic growth, nothing. 1500 to 1800: maybe a little bit of economic growth, but less in a century than you expect to see in a year today. 1900s: maybe one percent. Twentieth century: a little bit over two percent. Twenty-first century could easily be 3.3, even higher percent. Even at that rate, by 2100 average GDP per capita in the world will be $200,000. That's not U.S. GDP per capita, which will be over a million, but world GDP per capita -- $200,000. That's not that far. We won't make it. But some of our grandchildren probably will. And I should say, I think this is a rather modest prediction. In Kurzweilian terms this is gloomy. In Kurzweilian terms I'm like the Eeyore of economic growth. (Laughter) Alright what about problems? What about a great depression? Well let's take a look. Let's take a look at the Great Depression. Here is GDP per capita from 1900 to 1929. Now let's imagine that you were an economist in 1929, trying to forecast future growth for the United States, not knowing that the economy was about to go off a cliff, not knowing that we were about to enter the greatest economic disaster certainly in the 20th century. What would you have predicted, not knowing this? If you had based your prediction, your forecast on 1900 to 1929 you'd have predicted something like this. If you'd been a little more optimistic -- say, based upon the Roaring Twenties -- you'd have said this. So what actually happened? We went off a cliff but we recovered. In fact in the second half of the 20th century growth was even higher than anything you would have predicted based upon the first half of the 20th century. So growth can wash away even what appears to be a great depression. Alright. What else? Oil. Oil. This was a big topic. When I was writing up my notes oil was $140 per barrel. So people were asking a question. They were saying, "Is China drinking our milkshake?"(Laughter) And there is some truth to this, in the sense that we have something of a finite resource, and increased growth is going to push up demand for that. But I think I don't have to tell this audience that a higher price of oil is not necessarily a bad thing. Moreover, as everyone knows, look -- it's energy, not oil, which counts. And higher oil prices mean a greater incentive to invest in energy R&amp;D. You can see this in the data. As oil prices go up, energy patents go up. The world is much better equipped to overcome an increase in the price of oil today, than ever in the past, because of what I'm talking about. One idea, one world, one market. So I'm optimistic so long as we hew to these two ideas: to keep globalizing world markets, keep extending cooperation across national boundaries, and keep investing in education. Now the United States has a particularly important role to play in this: to keep our education system globalized, to keep our education system open to students from all over the world, because our education system is the candle that other students come to light their own candles. Now remember here what Jefferson said. Jefferson said, "When they come and light their candles at ours, they gain light, and we are not darkened."But Jefferson wasn't quite right, was he? Because the truth is, when they light their candles at ours, there is twice as much light available for everyone. So my view is: Be optimistic. Spread the ideas. Spread the light. Thank you. (Applause)

How your unique story can get you hired | 
Aimée Eubanks Davis | Aimée Eubanks Davis
You're sitting at your computer, about to apply for your dream job, but then thoughts start to go through your head that this is a waste of your time. Maybe you're thinking, "My parents didn't go to college,"or "I have a learning disability.""When I went on their website and I looked at the folks in the most senior level roles, I didn't see anyone who represented my race or my gender.""There's just no way I'm going to get this job."So you don't even submit the application. But I'm here to tell you that your self-doubt about your experiences can be the key to driving your career success. [The Way We Work] [Made possible with the support of Dropbox] Most of us experience self-doubt at high-stakes moments, especially if they're people of color, first generation college student, or they don't have a traditional background, so they don't fit "the mold."If that's you, you're a part of my community. What I've realized is that these experiences that seem like a liability are actually your differentiating strength. The secret is to transform how you perceive your own story. Even if you've been on an untraditional path, you've accrued some skills over time that are really valuable in the workforce. Your task is to identify those experiences and trumpet them, because it's likely that story, that is your ticket to a great job. I know this, because I had my own self-doubts that I had to overcome. I didn't have top-notch internships in college. I also wasn't an extraordinary student. By the time graduation came around, I was definitely the thank you, laude, versus the cum laude. What I didn't realize was that I was really good at connecting with people, and now as a talent nerd and a CEO, I've watched thousands of graduates, who actually had a lot of self-doubts, overcome those and accomplish goals they never thought were imaginable, and here's how. Ask yourself two questions. The first is, why do you want to do this work? Maybe you already know the kind of job or work environment that makes you happy, or maybe you haven't quite figured that out yet. Usually, your personal experiences can help give you clues. For example, did your grandmother do manual labor, and it made you really worry that she didn't get access to high quality healthcare? Did your brother have to overcome his dyslexia, and you helped him with his reading? And so, you became really attuned to education policy. When you're in an interview, go ahead and talk about them, because it will show your passion and your dedication to the work. One young person I know, Dylan, was not sharing his personal story about filling out immigration papers for his parents when he was younger. Often when he told it, people would think that his parents weren't sophisticated. Dylan realized that he needed to harness the power of that incredible story, along with his academic talents. He told it in a way, when he was applying to law school, that made it clear why he wanted to go into advocacy law. He is now in his third year at Georgetown Law. The second question you have to ask yourself is, how can I share my story to showcase the unique strengths I will bring to the work? For example, did you have to work multiple jobs while you were in college that did not at all align with your major? That shows an employer that you have time management skills and a strong work ethic. Did you need to drop out of college because one of your parents was sick? Fill in the gap, talk about how you administered their treatment plan. Talk about how you had to work around their complex schedules. That shows that you're thoughtful, that you're compassionate, and you know what, that is what makes a great teammate. Reframing the hardship in your story can remake your confidence over and over again, but it takes time. It's like running a marathon. You have to train and practice. Go back and reflect on those tough questions that you need to answer. The answers are what makes you you, and I have to tell you, when you learn to practice that story, tell it with conviction. I am sure that the hiring manager is going to hear the strength in it too.

What adults can learn from kids | Ang matututunan ng mga matatanda mula sa mga kabataan
Adora Svitak | Adora Svitak 
Now, I want to start with a question: When was the last time you were called "childish"? For kids like me, being called childish can be a frequent occurrence. Every time we make irrational demands, exhibit irresponsible behavior, or display any other signs of being normal American citizens, we are called childish. Which really bothers me. After all, take a look at these events: Imperialism and colonization, world wars, George W. Bush. Ask yourself, who's responsible? Adults. Now, what have kids done? Well, Anne Frank touched millions with her powerful account of the Holocaust. Ruby Bridges helped to end segregation in the United States. And, most recently, Charlie Simpson helped to raise 120,000 pounds for Haiti, on his little bike. So as you can see evidenced by such examples, age has absolutely nothing to do with it. The traits the word "childish"addresses are seen so often in adults, that we should abolish this age-discriminatory word, when it comes to criticizing behavior associated with irresponsibility and irrational thinking. (Applause) Thank you. Then again, who's to say that certain types of irrational thinking aren't exactly what the world needs? Maybe you've had grand plans before, but stopped yourself, thinking, "That's impossible,"or "That costs too much,"or "That won't benefit me."For better or worse, we kids aren't hampered as much when it comes to thinking about reasons why not to do things. Kids can be full of inspiring aspirations and hopeful thinking, like my wish that no one went hungry, or that everything were free, a kind of utopia. How many of you still dream like that, and believe in the possibilities? Sometimes a knowledge of history and the past failures of Utopian ideals can be a burden, because you know that if everything were free, then the food stocks would become depleted and scarce and lead to chaos. On the other hand, we kids still dream about perfection. And that's a good thing, because in order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. In many ways, our audacity to imagine helps push the boundaries of possibility. For instance, the Museum of Glass in Tacoma, Washington, my home state -- yoohoo, Washington! (Applause) has a program called Kids Design Glass, and kids draw their own ideas for glass art. The resident artist said they got some of their best ideas from the program, because kids don't think about the limitations of how hard it can be to blow glass into certain shapes, they just think of good ideas. Now, when you think of glass, you might think of colorful Chihuly designs, or maybe Italian vases, but kids challenge glass artists to go beyond that, into the realm of brokenhearted snakes and bacon boys, who you can see has meat vision. (Laughter) Now, our inherent wisdom doesn't have to be insider's knowledge. Kids already do a lot of learning from adults, and we have a lot to share. I think that adults should start learning from kids. Now, I do most of my speaking in front of an education crowd -- teachers and students, and I like this analogy: It shouldn't be a teacher at the head of the class, telling students, "Do this, do that."The students should teach their teachers. Learning between grown-ups and kids should be reciprocal. The reality, unfortunately, is a little different, and it has a lot to do with trust, or a lack of it. Now, if you don't trust someone, you place restrictions on them, right? If I doubt my older sister's ability to pay back the 10 percent interest I established on her last loan, I'm going to withhold her ability to get more money from me, until she pays it back. (Laughter) True story, by the way. Now, adults seem to have a prevalently restrictive attitude towards kids, from every "Don't do that, don't do this"in the school handbook, to restrictions on school Internet use. As history points out, regimes become oppressive when they're fearful about keeping control. And although adults may not be quite at the level of totalitarian regimes, kids have no or very little say in making the rules, when really, the attitude should be reciprocal, meaning that the adult population should learn and take into account the wishes of the younger population. Now, what's even worse than restriction, is that adults often underestimate kids' abilities. We love challenges, but when expectations are low, trust me, we will sink to them. My own parents had anything but low expectations for me and my sister. Okay, so they didn't tell us to become doctors or lawyers or anything like that, but my dad did read to us about Aristotle and pioneer germ-fighters, when lots of other kids were hearing "The Wheels on the Bus Go Round and Round."Well, we heard that one too, but "Pioneer Germ Fighters"totally rules. (Laughter) I loved to write from the age of four, and when I was six, my mom bought me my own laptop equipped with Microsoft Word. Thank you, Bill Gates, and thank you, Ma. I wrote over 300 short stories on that little laptop, and I wanted to get published. Instead of just scoffing at this heresy that a kid wanted to get published, or saying wait until you're older, my parents were really supportive. Many publishers were not quite so encouraging. One large children's publisher ironically said that they didn't work with children. Children's publisher not working with children? I don't know, you're kind of alienating a large client there. (Laughter) One publisher, Action Publishing, was willing to take that leap and trust me, and to listen to what I had to say. They published my first book, "Flying Fingers,"you see it here. And from there on, it's gone to speaking at hundreds of schools, keynoting to thousands of educators, and finally, today, speaking to you. I appreciate your attention today, because to show that you truly care, you listen. But there's a problem with this rosy picture of kids being so much better than adults. Kids grow up and become adults just like you. (Laughter) Or just like you? Really? The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather, better adults than you have been, which may be a little challenging, considering your guys' credentials. (Laughter) But the way progress happens, is because new generations and new eras grow and develop and become better than the previous ones. It's the reason we're not in the Dark Ages anymore. No matter your position or place in life, it is imperative to create opportunities for children, so that we can grow up to blow you away. (Laughter) Adults and fellow TEDsters, you need to listen and learn from kids, and trust us and expect more from us. You must lend an ear today, because we are the leaders of tomorrow, which means we're going to take care of you when you're old and senile. No, just kidding. (Laughter) No, really, we are going to be the next generation, the ones who will bring this world forward. And in case you don't think that this really has meaning for you, remember that cloning is possible, and that involves going through childhood again, in which case you'll want to be heard, just like my generation. Now, the world needs opportunities for new leaders and new ideas. Kids need opportunities to lead and succeed. Are you ready to make the match? Because the world's problems shouldn't be the human family's heirloom. Thank you. (Applause) Thank you. Thank you.

8 secrets of success | Ang Walong Sikreto ng Tagumpay
Richard St. John | Richard St. John
This is really a two-hour presentation I give to high school students, cut down to three minutes. And it all started one day on a plane, on my way to TED, seven years ago. And in the seat next to me was a high school student, a teenager, and she came from a really poor family. And she wanted to make something of her life, and she asked me a simple little question. She said, "What leads to success?"And I felt really badly, because I couldn't give her a good answer. So I get off the plane, and I come to TED. And I think, jeez, I'm in the middle of a room of successful people! So why don't I ask them what helped them succeed, and pass it on to kids? So here we are, seven years, 500 interviews later, and I'm going to tell you what really leads to success and makes TEDsters tick. And the first thing is passion. Freeman Thomas says, "I'm driven by my passion."TEDsters do it for love; they don't do it for money. Carol Coletta says, "I would pay someone to do what I do."And the interesting thing is: if you do it for love, the money comes anyway. Work! Rupert Murdoch said to me, "It's all hard work. Nothing comes easily. But I have a lot of fun."Did he say fun? Rupert? Yes! (Laughter) TEDsters do have fun working. And they work hard. I figured, they're not workaholics. They're workafrolics. (Laughter) Good! (Applause) Alex Garden says, "To be successful, put your nose down in something and get damn good at it."There's no magic; it's practice, practice, practice. And it's focus. Norman Jewison said to me, "I think it all has to do with focusing yourself on one thing."And push! David Gallo says, "Push yourself. Physically, mentally, you've got to push, push, push."You've got to push through shyness and self-doubt. Goldie Hawn says, "I always had self-doubts. I wasn't good enough; I wasn't smart enough. I didn't think I'd make it."Now it's not always easy to push yourself, and that's why they invented mothers. (Laughter) (Applause) Frank Gehry said to me, "My mother pushed me."(Laughter) Serve! Sherwin Nuland says, "It was a privilege to serve as a doctor."A lot of kids want to be millionaires. The first thing I say is: "OK, well you can't serve yourself; you've got to serve others something of value. Because that's the way people really get rich."Ideas! TEDster Bill Gates says, "I had an idea: founding the first micro-computer software company."I'd say it was a pretty good idea. And there's no magic to creativity in coming up with ideas -- it's just doing some very simple things. And I give lots of evidence. Persist! Joe Kraus says, "Persistence is the number one reason for our success."You've got to persist through failure. You've got to persist through crap! Which of course means "Criticism, Rejection, Assholes and Pressure."(Laughter) So, the answer to this question is simple: Pay 4,000 bucks and come to TED. (Laughter) Or failing that, do the eight things -- and trust me, these are the big eight things that lead to success. Thank you TEDsters for all your interviews! (Applause)

Philosophy in prison | Pilosopiya sa loob ng bilangguan
Damon Horowitz | Damon Horowitz
Meet Tony. He's my student. He's about my age, and he's in San Quentin State Prison. When Tony was 16 years old, one day, one moment, "It was mom's gun. Just flash it, scare the guy. He's a punk. He took some money; we'll take his money. That'll teach him. Then last minute, I'm thinking, 'Can't do this. This is wrong.' My buddy says, 'C'mon, let's do this.' I say, 'Let's do this.'"And those three words, Tony's going to remember, because the next thing he knows, he hears the pop. There's the punk on the ground, puddle of blood. And that's felony murder -- 25 to life, parole at 50 if you're lucky, and Tony's not feeling very lucky. So when we meet in my philosophy class in his prison and I say, "In this class, we will discuss the foundations of ethics,"Tony interrupts me. "What are you going to teach me about right and wrong? I know what is wrong. I have done wrong. I am told every day, by every face I see, every wall I face, that I am wrong. If I ever get out of here, there will always be a mark by my name. I'm a convict; I am branded 'wrong.' What are you going to tell me about right and wrong?"So I say to Tony, "Sorry, but it's worse than you think. You think you know right and wrong? Then can you tell me what wrong is? No, don't just give me an example. I want to know about wrongness itself, the idea of wrong. What is that idea? What makes something wrong? How do we know that it's wrong? Maybe you and I disagree. Maybe one of us is wrong about the wrong. Maybe it's you, maybe it's me -- but we're not here to trade opinions; everyone's got an opinion. We are here for knowledge. Our enemy is thoughtlessness. This is philosophy."And something changes for Tony. "Could be I'm wrong. I'm tired of being wrong. I want to know what is wrong. I want to know what I know."What Tony sees in that moment is the project of philosophy, the project that begins in wonder -- what Kant called "admiration and awe at the starry sky above and the moral law within."What can creatures like us know of such things? It is the project that always takes us back to the condition of existence -- what Heidegger called "the always already there."It is the project of questioning what we believe and why we believe it -- what Socrates called "the examined life."Socrates, a man wise enough to know that he knows nothing. Socrates died in prison, his philosophy intact. So Tony starts doing his homework. He learns his whys and wherefores, his causes and correlations, his logic, his fallacies. Turns out, Tony's got the philosophy muscle. His body is in prison, but his mind is free. Tony learns about the ontologically promiscuous, the epistemologically anxious, the ethically dubious, the metaphysically ridiculous. That's Plato, Descartes, Nietzsche and Bill Clinton. So when he gives me his final paper, in which he argues that the categorical imperative is perhaps too uncompromising to deal with the conflict that affects our everyday and challenges me to tell him whether therefore we are condemned to moral failure, I say, "I don't know. Let us think about that."Because in that moment, there's no mark by Tony's name; it's just the two of us standing there. It is not professor and convict, it is just two minds ready to do philosophy. And I say to Tony, "Let's do this."Thank you. (Applause)

Teach statistics before calculus! | Ang reseta ni Arthur Benjamin sa pagbago ng edukasyon ng matematika
Arthur Benjamin | Arthur Benjamin
Now, if President Obama invited me to be the next Czar of Mathematics, then I would have a suggestion for him that I think would vastly improve the mathematics education in this country. And it would be easy to implement and inexpensive. The mathematics curriculum that we have is based on a foundation of arithmetic and algebra. And everything we learn after that is building up towards one subject. And at top of that pyramid, it's calculus. And I'm here to say that I think that that is the wrong summit of the pyramid ... that the correct summit -- that all of our students, every high school graduate should know -- should be statistics: probability and statistics. (Applause) I mean, don't get me wrong. Calculus is an important subject. It's one of the great products of the human mind. The laws of nature are written in the language of calculus. And every student who studies math, science, engineering, economics, they should definitely learn calculus by the end of their freshman year of college. But I'm here to say, as a professor of mathematics, that very few people actually use calculus in a conscious, meaningful way, in their day-to-day lives. On the other hand, statistics -- that's a subject that you could, and should, use on daily basis. Right? It's risk. It's reward. It's randomness. It's understanding data. I think if our students, if our high school students -- if all of the American citizens -- knew about probability and statistics, we wouldn't be in the economic mess that we're in today. (Laughter) (Applause) Not only -- thank you -- not only that ... but if it's taught properly, it can be a lot of fun. I mean, probability and statistics, it's the mathematics of games and gambling. It's analyzing trends. It's predicting the future. Look, the world has changed from analog to digital. And it's time for our mathematics curriculum to change from analog to digital, from the more classical, continuous mathematics, to the more modern, discrete mathematics -- the mathematics of uncertainty, of randomness, of data -- that being probability and statistics. In summary, instead of our students learning about the techniques of calculus, I think it would be far more significant if all of them knew what two standard deviations from the mean means. And I mean it. Thank you very much. (Applause)

The surprising health benefits of dreaming | Ang mga nakakagulat na benepisyo ng pananaginip sa kalusugan
Matt Walker | Matt Walker
Why do we dream? [Sleeping with Science] Well, we dream for at least several different reasons. One key benefit is creativity. Sleep, including dream sleep, is associated with an enhanced ability to solve next-day problems. It's almost as though we go to sleep with the pieces of the jigsaw, but we wake up with the puzzle complete. The second benefit of REM-sleep dreaming is emotional first aid. REM sleep takes the painful sting out of difficult emotional experiences so that when we come back the next day, we feel better about those painful events. You can almost think of dreaming as a form of overnight therapy. It's not time that heals all wounds, but it's time during dream sleep that provides emotional convalescence. Now, it's not just that you dream. It's also what you dream about that seems to make a difference. Scientists have discovered that after learning a virtual maze, for example, those individuals who slept but critically also dreamed about the maze were the only ones who ended up being better at navigating the maze when they woke up. And this same principle is true for our mental health. For example, people going through a difficult or traumatic experience such as a divorce, and who are dreaming about that event, go on to gain resolution to their depression relative to those who were dreaming but not dreaming about the events themselves. All of which means that sleep and the very act of dreaming itself appears to be an essential ingredient to so much of our waking lives. We dream, therefore we are.

How to end malaria once and for all | Kung paano wakasan ang Malaria nang tuluyan
Abdoulaye Diabaté | Abdoulaye Diabaté
(Mosquitoes buzzing) Mosquitoes. I don't know about you, but I don't have a good relationship with them. (Laughter) A friend of mine said one day, if you think that you are too small to make a big difference, you've never spent a night with mosquitoes in a room. (Laughter) But ... I don't have any mosquitoes in my pocket to release tonight, so it's going to be fine. So let's start. As unbelievable as it may sound, malaria is as old as humankind. And malaria once was a public health issue all over the world. But then it has been successfully tackled in the US and Europe. And yet, decades later, malaria still kills millions of people in Africa and in Asia. Why? I'm Abdoulaye Diabaté, a medical entomologist from l'Institut de Recherche en Science de la Santé. I'm here today, flying all the way from Burkina Faso, to tell you that we might be closer than ever to eliminate malaria in Africa. (Applause) Thank you. Malaria is tightly linked to poverty. But then you have no idea of how expensive it is to be poor. There are 200 million cases worldwide that end up sadly every year with about 600,000 deaths. And this is not a random collection of statistics on a piece of paper. Behind each of these 600,000 deaths, there is a personal, tragic story, sometimes behind closed doors. Most of these deaths happen in Africa. Children and pregnant women bear the highest burden. And I'm a fortunate childhood malaria survivor. When I was a kid, I used to think that my dad was a superhero. I could see him leaving the house every morning at six, riding his bicycle to the farm, working very hard all day long. We did not have much for living. But who said you need more to be happy? But when happiness hangs by a thread, it doesn't take much to turn your life around. My certainty in my dad got deeply shaken the day I got struck down by malaria. I was three or four years old. As we used to say in my country, kids may not understand the complexity of suffering, but pain has no age. And gosh, I was in pain. I can still clearly see myself laying down there on the bed with high fever and suffering. I could not eat anything. Throwing up all the time. Will I survive? Will I not? The psychological trauma my parents were going through was unbearable. But against all odds, I survived. But can we say today that we are done with malaria because Diabaté survived and made it all the way down to Vancouver? If I say yes, no one can blame me. But it’s a lie, because many children are still dying of malaria. The real question then is: Why have we not been able to defeat it so far? Well because malaria is a complex parasitic disease that plays on three grounds. Plasmodium, the pathogen; anopheles, the vector; and human, the victim. Each of these elements is very complex on its own, and the interactions make it even more complex to devise interventions that are really effective. But of course we are trying. Currently, there are two vaccines to immunize people, but the heavy logistics to deliver this vaccine may not allow us to reach their full potential. Bed nets and first-hand treatment are both threatened by insecticide and drug resistance, meaning that our best interventions have started to fail. And there is a general consensus today that without additional new tools, we may never cross the last mile of malaria elimination. And this is exactly where I come in. My colleagues and I at Target Malaria, and are working on something called gene drive: a way to control mosquito population and halt malaria transmission. So what is gene drive? It's a natural molecular mechanism that augments the frequency of a certain gene in the population beyond the normal Mendelian inheritance. So what does it mean? If you take any gene, in natural circumstances, it has only a 50 percent chance of being transmitted to the next generation. Meaning that if the parents have 100 babies, like in mosquitoes, only 50 of them will get the gene and the other 50 will not. But not all genes behave this way in nature. Some genes have found a very clever way to bypass this law, and can augment their own prospect to up to 90 percent. Such genes are said to drive, and so the name "gene drive."Our most promising strain affects female fertility by targeting a gene called doublesex. This gene is responsible for the sex determination in mosquitoes, and so disrupting the doublesex gene may affect the sexual development for adult mosquitoes and their reproduction. Now it may sound counterintuitive to affect female fertility and spread a gene of interest in mosquito population at the same time. But it's working. And let me show you how. We target a specific region of the gene called doublesex that affects only females. Males bearing this modified gene are not affected at all. Females with just one copy of the altered gene are fully fertile. However, females bearing two copies of the modified gene cannot lay eggs, fail to bite and also have the physical characteristics of both male and female. It's called a suppression strategy. Once these mosquitoes are released in the field, they're going to spread the gene of interest to the wild population, and this is going to reduce dramatically their reproductive capacity. Fewer mosquitoes means less malaria transmission until it stops. Mathematical models predict that releasing such mosquitoes in the field is going to stop malaria transmission in just 20 generations. That means in two years. And the technology is sustainable, cost-effective and easy to deploy, as the released mosquitoes will do the job themselves by finding the last hiding pocket of wild mosquitoes to convert. Fantastic. The only problem, gene drive has never been tested anywhere in Africa. And while the technology brings a lot of hope, it also carries its share of fear and skepticism. The pathway from the bench to the field is not straightforward and is full of pitfalls. Maybe the mosquitoes in the field will develop resistance to the spread of the transgene. Or maybe two countries don't agree, but released mosquitoes do not respect the human borders. Or also, maybe there are risks to the environment. And finally, the community that we are working with need to feel comfortable about this technology and give us the green light to operate. And so for such, Target Malaria has adopted an incremental approach, step by step, whereby we will start releasing first non-gene-drive mosquitoes, meaning that the gene of interest here cannot self-propagate and will just go extinct in a few generations. The gene drive, the exposure of this gene to the environment is incrementally augmented in a way that we start first with small cages and big indoor cages in Europe, and then these mosquitoes are sent to Burkina Faso, where they are tested in a contained facility first, and subsequently in a big indoor small cage field release. Now the gene drive mosquitoes are going to be tested in an open field only after this preliminary step and the potential risks have been looked at very carefully. And also additional research questions have been developed to address these risks, if any. Now the question, how far are we from releasing gene drive? Four to five years. But let me tell you this. Gene drive mosquitoes are already in the lab, and releasing them in the field is not going to take us more than 30 minutes. But we need five years to get ready for these 30 minutes. And why is that? The answer is simple. Because we need to engage the community and get the social license to operate. And so if there is one thing that you cannot afford the luxury to miss, it's the stakeholder engagement. I cannot just pop up in a village with a bucket of mosquitoes on the assumption that I'm a scientist working for the public good. It will not take anyone a PhD to understand if we are respectful of their values or not. We need to engage the community and then co-develop the technology with them. And so for that, we've built our engagement strategy on the pyramidal structure, starting with the villages where we operate all the way to the top with the government officials. The engagement is done step-by-step. It’s done in an inclusive way and also is done in full transparency. Ladies and gentlemen, there is one more thing that needs to be done before gene drive can be released in the field in Africa. That is capacity building. Gene drive holds a lot of promises, but it will not take us anywhere if we Africans aren’t enabled to run it on our own. Sadly, the technical platform in Africa is really very poor, and this has to be solved before we can really beat malaria. And so for that, we've set up in Burkina Faso a World Bank-funded center of excellence on vector-borne diseases, like malaria. And also with additional funds from the Gates Foundation, we are building a critical mass of next generation scientists all over the continent to fill the knowledge gap and the know-how gap as well. In April 1969, a child was born in a remote village of Burkina Faso. Like any other child of the world, he had dreams and expectations. Sadly, however, as he came to learn, the place where you are born in on this planet very often affects your perspective on life, and may even set the path you need to walk through into your future. That shouldn't be the case. We are all citizens of the world. Our dreams and aspirations should not be constrained by the place where we are born. And this is the reason why I became a scientist. To offer endless possibility to any child anywhere on this continent, so that they can see the future with hope. But there is no hope if you are cut short with malaria. But Target Malaria is here to fix that. A world free of malaria is our vision. And I will say, yes, we can. Thank you for your attention. (Applause)

Can AI catch what doctors miss? | Kaya ba nang AI makita ang hindi mapansin ng Doktor?
Eric Topol | Eric Topol
I've had the real fortune of working at Scripps Research for the last 17 years. It's the largest nonprofit biomedical institution in the country. And I've watched some of my colleagues, who have spent two to three years to define the crystal 3-D structure of a protein. Well, now that can be done in two or three minutes. And that's because of the work of AlphaFold, which is a derivative of DeepMind, Demis Hassabis and John Jumper, recognized by the American Nobel Prize in September. What's interesting, this work, which is taking the amino acid sequence in one dimension and predicting the three-dimensional protein at atomic level, [has] now inspired many other of these protein structure prediction models, as well as RNA and antibodies, and even being able to pick up all the missense mutations in the genome, and even being able to come up wit proteins that have never been invented before, that don't exist in nature. Now, the only thing I think about this is it was a transformer model, we'll talk about that in a moment, in this award, since Demis and John and their team of 30 scientists don't understand how the transformer model works, shouldn't the AI get an asterisk as part of that award? I'm going to switch from life science, which has been the singular biggest contribution just reviewed, to medicine. And in the medical community, the thing that we don't talk much about are diagnostic medical errors. And according to the National Academy of Medicine, all of us will experience at least one in our lifetime. And we know from a recent Johns Hopkins study that these errors have led to 800,000 Americans dead or seriously disabled each year. So this is a big problem. And the question is, can AI help us? And you keep hearing about the term “precision medicine.” Well, if you keep making the same mistake over and over again, that's very precise. (Laughter) We don't need that, we need accuracy and precision medicine. So can we get there? Well, this is a picture of the retina. And this was the first major hint, training 100,000 images with supervised learning. Could the machine see things that people couldn't see? And so the question was, to the retinal experts, is this from a man or a woman? And the chance of getting it accurate was 50 percent. (Laughter) But the AI got it right, 97 percent. So that training, the features are not even fully defined of how that was possible. Well that gets then to all of medical images. This is just representative, the chest X-ray. And in fact with the chest X-ray, the ability here for the AI to pick up, the radiologists, expert radiologists missing the nodule, which turned out to be picked up by the AI as cancerous, and this is, of course, representative of all of medical scans, whether it’s CT scans, MRI, ultrasound. That through supervised learning of large, labeled, annotated data sets, we can see AI do at least as well, if not better, than expert physicians. And 21 randomized trials of picking up polyps -- machine vision during colonoscopy -- have all shown that polyps are picked up better with the aid of machine vision than by the gastroenterologist alone, especially as the day goes on, later in the day, interestingly. We don't know whether picking up all these additional polyps changes the natural history of cancers, but it tells you about machine eyes, the power of machine eyes. Now that was interesting. But now still with deep learning models, not transformer models, we've seen and learned that the ability for computer vision to pick up things that human eyes can't see is quite remarkable. Here's the retina. Picking up the control of diabetes and blood pressure. Kidney disease. Liver and gallbladder disease. The heart calcium score, which you would normally get through a scan of the heart. Alzheimer's disease before any clinical symptoms have been manifest. Predicting heart attacks and strokes. Hyperlipidemia. And seven years before any symptoms of Parkinson's disease, to pick that up. Now this is interesting because in the future, we'll be taking pictures of our retina at checkups. This is the gateway to almost every system in the body. It's really striking. And we'll come back to this because each one of these studies was done with tens or hundreds [of] thousands of images with supervised learning, and they’re all separate studies by different investigators. Now, as a cardiologist, I love to read cardiograms. I've been doing it for over 30 years. But I couldn't see these things. Like, the age and the sex of the patient, or the ejection fraction of the heart, making difficult diagnoses that are frequently missed. The anemia of the patient, that is, the hemoglobin to the decimal point. Predicting whether a person, who's never had atrial fibrillation or stroke from the ECG, whether that's going to likely occur. Diabetes, a diagnosis of diabetes and prediabetes, from the cardiogram. The filling pressure of the heart. Hypothyroidism and kidney disease. Imagine getting an electrocardiogram to tell you about all these other things, not really so much about the heart. Then there's the chest X-ray. Who would have guessed that we could accurately determine the race of the patient, no less the ethical implications of that, from a chest X-ray through machine eyes? And interestingly, picking up the diagnosis of diabetes, as well as how well the diabetes is controlled, through the chest X-ray. And of course, so many different parameters about the heart, which we could never, radiologists or cardiologists, could never be able to come up with what machine vision can do. Pathologists often argue about a slide, about what does it really show? But with this ability of machine eyes, the driver genomic mutations of the cancer can be defined, no less the structural copy number variants that are accounting or present in that tumor. Also, where is that tumor coming from? For many patients, we don’t know. But it can be determined through AI. And also the prognosis of the patient, just from the slide, by all of the training. Again, this is all just convolutional neural networks, not transformer models. So when we go from the deep neural networks to transformer models, this classic pre-print, one of the most cited pre-prints ever, "Attention is All You Need,"the ability to now be able to look at many more items, whether it be language or images, and be able to put this in context, setting up a transformational progress in many fields. The prototype is, the outgrowth of this is GPT-4. With over a trillion connections. Our human brain has 100 trillion connections or parameters. But one trillion, just think of all the information, knowledge, that's packed into those one trillion. And interestingly, this is now multimodal with language, with images, with speech. And it involves a massive amount of graphic processing units. And it's with self-supervised learning, which is a big bottleneck in medicine because we can't get experts to label images. This can be done with self-supervised learning. So what does this set up in medicine? It sets up, for example, keyboard liberation. The one thing that both doctors, clinicians and patients would like to see. Everyone hates being data clerks as clinicians, and patients would like to see their doctor when they finally have the visit they've waited for a long time. So the ability to change the face-to-face contact is just one step along the way. By having the liberation from keyboards with synthetic notes that are driven, derived from the conversation, and then all the downstream normal data clerk functions that are done, often off-hours. Now we're seeing in health systems across the United States where people, physicians are saving many hours of time and heading towards ultimately keyboard liberation. We recently published, with the group at Moorfields Eye Institute, led by Pearse Keane, the first foundation model in medicine from the retina. And remember those eight different things that were all done by separate studies? This was all done with one model. This is with 1.6 million retinal images predicting all these different outcome likelihoods. And this is all open-source, which is of course really important that others can build on these models. Now I just want to review a couple of really interesting patients. Andrew, who is now six years old. He had three years of relentlessly increasing pain, arrested growth. His gait suffered with a dragging of his left foot, he had severe headaches. He went to 17 doctors over three years. His mother then entered all his symptoms into ChatGPT. It made the diagnosis of occulta spina bifida, which meant he had a tethered spinal cord that was missed by all 17 doctors over three years. He had surgery to release the cord. He's now perfectly healthy. (Applause) This is a patient that was sent to me, who was suffering with, she was told, long COVID. She saw many different physicians, neurologists, and her sister entered all her symptoms after getting nowhere, no treatment for long COVID, there is no treatment validated, and her sister put all her symptoms into ChatGPT. It found out it actually was not long COVID, she had limbic encephalitis, which is treatable. She was treated, and now she's doing extremely well. But these are not just anecdotes anymore. 70 very difficult cases that are the clinical pathologic conferences at the New England Journal of Medicine were compared to GPT-4, and the chatbot did as well or better than the expert master clinicians in making the diagnosis. So I just want to close with a recent conversation with my fellow. Medicine is still an apprenticeship, and Andrew Cho is 30 years old, in his second year of cardiology fellowship. We see all patients together in the clinic. And at the end of clinic the other day, I sat down and said to him, "Andrew, you are so lucky. You're going to be practicing medicine in an era of keyboard liberation. You're going to be connecting with patients the way we haven't done for decades."That is the ability to have the note and the work from the conversation to derive things like pre-authorization, billing, prescriptions, future appointments -- all the things that we do, including nudges to the patient. For example, did you get your blood pressure checks and what did they show and all that coming back to you. But much more than that, to help with making diagnoses. And the gift of time that having all the data of a patient that's all teed up before even seeing the patient. And all this support changes the future of the patient-doctor relationship, bringing in the gift of time. So this is really exciting. I said to Andrew, everything has to be validated, of course, that the benefit greatly outweighs any risk. But it is really a remarkable time for the future of health care, it's so damn exciting. Thank you. (Applause)

The world's English mania | Ang pagkahibang ng mundo sa wikang Ingles
Jay Walker | Jay Walker
Let's talk about manias. Let's start with Beatlemania. (Recording of crowd roaring) Hysterical teenagers, crying, screaming, pandemonium. (Recording of crowd roaring) Sports mania: deafening crowds, all for one idea -- get the ball in the net. (Recording) Goal! Okay, religious mania: there's rapture, there's weeping, there's visions. Manias can be good. Manias can be alarming. Or manias can be deadly. (Recording of crowd cheering) The world has a new mania. A mania for learning English. Listen as Chinese students practice their English, by screaming it: Teacher: ... change my life! Students: I want to change my life! T: I don't want to let my parents down! S: I don't want to let my parents down! T: I don't ever want to let my country down! S: I don't ever want to let my country down! T: Most importantly... S: Most importantly... T: I don't want to let myself down! S: I don't want to let myself down! How many people are trying to learn English worldwide? Two billion of them. Students: A t-shirt. A dress. Jay Walker: In Latin America, in India, in Southeast Asia, and most of all, in China. If you're a Chinese student, you start learning English in the third grade, by law. That's why this year, China will become the world's largest English-speaking country. (Laughter) Why English? In a single word: opportunity. Opportunity for a better life, a job, to be able to pay for school, or put better food on the table. Imagine a student taking a giant test for three full days. Her score on this one test literally determines her future. She studies 12 hours a day for three years to prepare. Twenty-five percent of her grade is based on English. It's called the gaokao, and 80 million high school Chinese students have already taken this grueling test. The intensity to learn English is almost unimaginable, unless you witness it. Teacher: Perfect! Students: Perfect! T: Perfect! S: Perfect! T: I want to speak perfect English! S: I want to speak perfect English! T: I want to speak ... S: I want to speak ... T: ... perfect English! S: ... perfect English! T (yelling more loudly): I want to change my life! S (yelling more loudly): I want to change my life! JW: So is English mania good or bad? Is English a tsunami, washing away other languages? Not likely. English is the world's second language. Your native language is your life. But with English you can become part of a wider conversation -- a global conversation about global problems, like climate change or poverty, or hunger or disease. The world has other universal languages. Mathematics is the language of science. Music is the language of emotions. And now English is becoming the language of problem-solving. Not because America is pushing it, but because the world is pulling it. So English mania is a turning point. Like the harnessing of electricity in our cities, or the fall of the Berlin Wall, English represents hope for a better future -- a future where the world has a common language to solve its common problems. Thank you very much. (Applause)

Try something new for 30 days | Sumubok ng bago sa loob ng 30 araw
Matt Cutts | Matt Cutts
A few years ago, I felt like I was stuck in a rut, so I decided to follow in the footsteps of the great American philosopher, Morgan Spurlock, and try something new for 30 days. The idea is actually pretty simple. Think about something you've always wanted to add to your life and try it for the next 30 days. It turns out 30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit -- like watching the news -- from your life.
There's a few things I learned while doing these 30-day challenges. The first was, instead of the months flying by, forgotten, the time was much more memorable. This was part of a challenge I did to take a picture every day for a month. And I remember exactly where I was and what I was doing that day. I also noticed that as I started to do more and harder 30-day challenges, my self-confidence grew. I went from desk-dwelling computer nerd to the kind of guy who bikes to work. For fun!
(Laughter)
Even last year, I ended up hiking up Mt. Kilimanjaro, the highest mountain in Africa. I would never have been that adventurous before I started my 30-day challenges.
I also figured out that if you really want something badly enough, you can do anything for 30 days. Have you ever wanted to write a novel? Every November, tens of thousands of people try to write their own 50,000-word novel, from scratch, in 30 days. It turns out, all you have to do is write 1,667 words a day for a month. So I did. By the way, the secret is not to go to sleep until you've written your words for the day. You might be sleep-deprived, but you'll finish your novel. Now is my book the next great American novel? No. I wrote it in a month. It's awful.
(Laughter)
But for the rest of my life, if I meet John Hodgman at a TED party, I don't have to say, "I'm a computer scientist." No, no, if I want to, I can say, "I'm a novelist."
(Laughter)
So here's one last thing I'd like to mention. I learned that when I made small, sustainable changes, things I could keep doing, they were more likely to stick. There's nothing wrong with big, crazy challenges. In fact, they're a ton of fun. But they're less likely to stick. When I gave up sugar for 30 days, day 31 looked like this.
(Laughter)
So here's my question to you: What are you waiting for? I guarantee you the next 30 days are going to pass whether you like it or not, so why not think about something you have always wanted to try and give it a shot! For the next 30 days.
Thanks.
(Applause)

Keep your goals to yourself | Sarilinin muna ang layunin
Derek Sivers | Derek Sivers
Everyone, please think of your biggest personal goal. For real -- you can take a second. You've got to feel this to learn it. Take a few seconds and think of your personal biggest goal, okay? Imagine deciding right now that you're going to do it. Imagine telling someone that you meet today what you're going to do. Imagine their congratulations, and their high image of you. Doesn't it feel good to say it out loud? Don't you feel one step closer already, like it's already becoming part of your identity? Well, bad news: you should have kept your mouth shut, because that good feeling now will make you less likely to do it. The repeated psychology tests have proven that telling someone your goal makes it less likely to happen. Any time you have a goal, there are some steps that need to be done, some work that needs to be done in order to achieve it. Ideally you would not be satisfied until you'd actually done the work. But when you tell someone your goal and they acknowledge it, psychologists have found that it's called a "social reality."The mind is kind of tricked into feeling that it's already done. And then because you've felt that satisfaction, you're less motivated to do the actual hard work necessary. (Laughter) So this goes against conventional wisdom that we should tell our friends our goals, right? So they hold us to it. So, let's look at the proof. 1926: Kurt Lewin, founder of social psychology, called this "substitution."1933: Wera Mahler found when it was acknowledged by others, it felt real in the mind. 1982, Peter Gollwitzer wrote a whole book about this, and in 2009, he did some new tests that were published. It goes like this: 163 people across four separate tests. Everyone wrote down their personal goal. Then half of them announced their commitment to this goal to the room, and half didn't. Then everyone was given 45 minutes of work that would directly lead them towards their goal, but they were told that they could stop at any time. Now, those who kept their mouths shut worked the entire 45 minutes on average, and when asked afterward, said that they felt that they had a long way to go still to achieve their goal. But those who had announced it quit after only 33 minutes, on average, and when asked afterward, said that they felt much closer to achieving their goal. So if this is true, what can we do? Well, you could resist the temptation to announce your goal. You can delay the gratification that the social acknowledgment brings, and you can understand that your mind mistakes the talking for the doing. But if you do need to talk about something, you can state it in a way that gives you no satisfaction, such as, "I really want to run this marathon, so I need to train five times a week and kick my ass if I don't, okay?"So audience, next time you're tempted to tell someone your goal, what will you say? (Silence) Exactly! Well done. (Laughter) (Applause)

Why science needs to get behind natural medicine | Bakit kailangang patunayan ng agham ang natural na gamot
Jeff Chen | Jeff Chen
When I was a medical student at UCLA, one of my patients was a young boy suffering from dozens of seizures daily. His family was going bankrupt, paying out of pocket for a cocktail of drugs with little benefit. Between the side effects and his constant seizures, this boy was wasting away. On a return visit, I was in disbelief to find that he was now seizure-free on most days. His mom beamed, telling me he was going to school for the first time, at the age of 10, and attributed this life-changing improvement to a regimen of natural supplements. It sounded incredible, but this was an anecdote. But it gave me a radical idea. What if it was easy to prove the effects of natural products? Maybe anyone could treat their own health affordably, more effectively, and with less side effects. No pharma or insurance needed. You see, for millennia, humans relied on plants as medicine. It was only a century ago that pharma created synthetic drugs, and for the first time ever, medicine could be patented and highly profitable. But to prove the safety and effectiveness of these never-before-seen compounds, slow, expensive clinical trials were invented. The natural medicines can't be patented and can't afford these trials. Ironically, nearly half of all FDA-approved drugs were first discovered in plants, but pharma created a synthetic version and only funded trials into what they could own and monopolize. And that's why you see these natural products, a vast majority of them haven't been able to prove they're better than placebo. But AI, virtualization and the ubiquity of smartphones is changing all of that. What if it was easy to prove the right natural product, the right dose, for the right person and the right condition? You could bypass a broken healthcare system, go to the grocery store and buy the product proven for someone like you. It's personalized and accessible and affordable for all. So to make this proof-generation easy, Pelin Thorogood and I created a B Corp called Radicle Science. We're using AI-driven, crowdsourced trials so these natural products can generate proof at a fraction of the cost and time. Volunteers automatically get mailed product or placebo, and we collect data via smartphones and wearables. And since these are direct-to-consumer, anyone can join, including those historically excluded from trials -- women, minorities, rural populations. You see, trials have studied mostly white, urban men. Last time I checked, I don't think that's me, and for my cofounder, that wasn't her either. But direct-to-consumer crowdsourced trials can finally generate diverse data that's relevant to all of us. So what happens when proof is easy? You get medicines that are natural, personalized, proven and democratized. Medicines that are directly available for all future generations. Because it turns out no one can patent nature. Thank you. (Cheers and applause)

Reconnecting with compassion | Muling Pag-uugnay sa "Pakikiramay"
Krista Tippett | Krista Tippett
We're here to celebrate compassion. But compassion, from my vantage point, has a problem. As essential as it is across our traditions, as real as so many of us know it to be in particular lives, the word "compassion"is hollowed out in our culture, and it is suspect in my field of journalism. It's seen as a squishy kumbaya thing, or it's seen as potentially depressing. Karen Armstrong has told what I think is an iconic story of giving a speech in Holland and, after the fact, the word "compassion"was translated as "pity."Now compassion, when it enters the news, too often comes in the form of feel-good feature pieces or sidebars about heroic people you could never be like or happy endings or examples of self-sacrifice that would seem to be too good to be true most of the time. Our cultural imagination about compassion has been deadened by idealistic images. And so what I'd like to do this morning for the next few minutes is perform a linguistic resurrection. And I hope you'll come with me on my basic premise that words matter, that they shape the way we understand ourselves, the way we interpret the world and the way we treat others. When this country first encountered genuine diversity in the 1960s, we adopted tolerance as the core civic virtue with which we would approach that. Now the word "tolerance,"if you look at it in the dictionary, connotes "allowing,""indulging"and "enduring."In the medical context that it comes from, it is about testing the limits of thriving in an unfavorable environment. Tolerance is not really a lived virtue; it's more of a cerebral ascent. And it's too cerebral to animate guts and hearts and behavior when the going gets rough. And the going is pretty rough right now. I think that without perhaps being able to name it, we are collectively experiencing that we've come as far as we can with tolerance as our only guiding virtue. Compassion is a worthy successor. It is organic, across our religious, spiritual and ethical traditions, and yet it transcends them. Compassion is a piece of vocabulary that could change us if we truly let it sink into the standards to which we hold ourselves and others, both in our private and in our civic spaces. So what is it, three-dimensionally? What are its kindred and component parts? What's in its universe of attendant virtues? To start simply, I want to say that compassion is kind. Now "kindness"might sound like a very mild word, and it's prone to its own abundant cliche. But kindness is an everyday byproduct of all the great virtues. And it is a most edifying form of instant gratification. Compassion is also curious. Compassion cultivates and practices curiosity. I love a phrase that was offered me by two young women who are interfaith innovators in Los Angeles, Aziza Hasan and Malka Fenyvesi. They are working to create a new imagination about shared life among young Jews and Muslims, and as they do that, they cultivate what they call "curiosity without assumptions."Well that's going to be a breeding ground for compassion. Compassion can be synonymous with empathy. It can be joined with the harder work of forgiveness and reconciliation, but it can also express itself in the simple act of presence. It's linked to practical virtues like generosity and hospitality and just being there, just showing up. I think that compassion also is often linked to beauty -- and by that I mean a willingness to see beauty in the other, not just what it is about them that might need helping. I love it that my Muslim conversation partners often speak of beauty as a core moral value. And in that light, for the religious, compassion also brings us into the territory of mystery -- encouraging us not just to see beauty, but perhaps also to look for the face of God in the moment of suffering, in the face of a stranger, in the face of the vibrant religious other. I'm not sure if I can show you what tolerance looks like, but I can show you what compassion looks like -- because it is visible. When we see it, we recognize it and it changes the way we think about what is doable, what is possible. It is so important when we're communicating big ideas -- but especially a big spiritual idea like compassion -- to root it as we present it to others in space and time and flesh and blood -- the color and complexity of life. And compassion does seek physicality. I first started to learn this most vividly from Matthew Sanford. And I don't imagine that you will realize this when you look at this photograph of him, but he's paraplegic. He's been paralyzed from the waist down since he was 13, in a car crash that killed his father and his sister. Matthew's legs don't work, and he'll never walk again, and -- and he does experience this as an "and"rather than a "but"-- and he experiences himself to be healed and whole. And as a teacher of yoga, he brings that experience to others across the spectrum of ability and disability, health, illness and aging. He says that he's just at an extreme end of the spectrum we're all on. He's doing some amazing work now with veterans coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan. And Matthew has made this remarkable observation that I'm just going to offer you and let it sit. I can't quite explain it, and he can't either. But he says that he has yet to experience someone who became more aware of their body, in all its frailty and its grace, without, at the same time, becoming more compassionate towards all of life. Compassion also looks like this. This is Jean Vanier. Jean Vanier helped found the L'Arche communities, which you can now find all over the world, communities centered around life with people with mental disabilities -- mostly Down syndrome. The communities that Jean Vanier founded, like Jean Vanier himself, exude tenderness. "Tender"is another word I would love to spend some time resurrecting. We spend so much time in this culture being driven and aggressive, and I spend a lot of time being those things too. And compassion can also have those qualities. But again and again, lived compassion brings us back to the wisdom of tenderness. Jean Vanier says that his work, like the work of other people -- his great, beloved, late friend Mother Teresa -- is never in the first instance about changing the world; it's in the first instance about changing ourselves. He's says that what they do with L'Arche is not a solution, but a sign. Compassion is rarely a solution, but it is always a sign of a deeper reality, of deeper human possibilities. And compassion is unleashed in wider and wider circles by signs and stories, never by statistics and strategies. We need those things too, but we're also bumping up against their limits. And at the same time that we are doing that, I think we are rediscovering the power of story -- that as human beings, we need stories to survive, to flourish, to change. Our traditions have always known this, and that is why they have always cultivated stories at their heart and carried them forward in time for us. There is, of course, a story behind the key moral longing and commandment of Judaism to repair the world -- tikkun olam. And I'll never forget hearing that story from Dr. Rachel Naomi Remen, who told it to me as her grandfather told it to her, that in the beginning of the Creation something happened and the original light of the universe was shattered into countless pieces. It lodged as shards inside every aspect of the Creation. And that the highest human calling is to look for this light, to point at it when we see it, to gather it up, and in so doing, to repair the world. Now this might sound like a fanciful tale. Some of my fellow journalists might interpret it that way. Rachel Naomi Remen says this is an important and empowering story for our time, because this story insists that each and every one of us, frail and flawed as we may be, inadequate as we may feel, has exactly what's needed to help repair the part of the world that we can see and touch. Stories like this, signs like this, are practical tools in a world longing to bring compassion to abundant images of suffering that can otherwise overwhelm us. Rachel Naomi Remen is actually bringing compassion back to its rightful place alongside science in her field of medicine in the training of new doctors. And this trend of what Rachel Naomi Remen is doing, how these kinds of virtues are finding a place in the vocabulary of medicine -- the work Fred Luskin is doing -- I think this is one of the most fascinating developments of the 21st century -- that science, in fact, is taking a virtue like compassion definitively out of the realm of idealism. This is going to change science, I believe, and it will change religion. But here's a face from 20th century science that might surprise you in a discussion about compassion. We all know about the Albert Einstein who came up with E = mc2. We don't hear so much about the Einstein who invited the African American opera singer, Marian Anderson, to stay in his home when she came to sing in Princeton because the best hotel there was segregated and wouldn't have her. We don't hear about the Einstein who used his celebrity to advocate for political prisoners in Europe or the Scottsboro boys in the American South. Einstein believed deeply that science should transcend national and ethnic divisions. But he watched physicists and chemists become the purveyors of weapons of mass destruction in the early 20th century. He once said that science in his generation had become like a razor blade in the hands of a three-year-old. And Einstein foresaw that as we grow more modern and technologically advanced, we need the virtues our traditions carry forward in time more, not less. He liked to talk about the spiritual geniuses of the ages. Some of his favorites were Moses, Jesus, Buddha, St. Francis of Assisi, Gandhi -- he adored his contemporary, Gandhi. And Einstein said -- and I think this is a quote, again, that has not been passed down in his legacy -- that "these kinds of people are geniuses in the art of living, more necessary to the dignity, security and joy of humanity than the discoverers of objective knowledge."Now invoking Einstein might not seem the best way to bring compassion down to earth and make it seem accessible to all the rest of us, but actually it is. I want to show you the rest of this photograph, because this photograph is analogous to what we do to the word "compassion"in our culture -- we clean it up and we diminish its depths and its grounding in life, which is messy. So in this photograph you see a mind looking out a window at what might be a cathedral -- it's not. This is the full photograph, and you see a middle-aged man wearing a leather jacket, smoking a cigar. And by the look of that paunch, he hasn't been doing enough yoga. We put these two photographs side-by-side on our website, and someone said, "When I look at the first photo, I ask myself, what was he thinking? And when I look at the second, I ask, what kind of person was he? What kind of man is this?"Well, he was complicated. He was incredibly compassionate in some of his relationships and terribly inadequate in others. And it is much harder, often, to be compassionate towards those closest to us, which is another quality in the universe of compassion, on its dark side, that also deserves our serious attention and illumination. Gandhi, too, was a real flawed human being. So was Martin Luther King, Jr. So was Dorothy Day. So was Mother Teresa. So are we all. And I want to say that it is a liberating thing to realize that that is no obstacle to compassion -- following on what Fred Luskin says -- that these flaws just make us human. Our culture is obsessed with perfection and with hiding problems. But what a liberating thing to realize that our problems, in fact, are probably our richest sources for rising to this ultimate virtue of compassion, towards bringing compassion towards the suffering and joys of others. Rachel Naomi Remen is a better doctor because of her life-long struggle with Crohn's disease. Einstein became a humanitarian, not because of his exquisite knowledge of space and time and matter, but because he was a Jew as Germany grew fascist. And Karen Armstrong, I think you would also say that it was some of your very wounding experiences in a religious life that, with a zigzag, have led to the Charter for Compassion. Compassion can't be reduced to sainthood any more than it can be reduced to pity. So I want to propose a final definition of compassion -- this is Einstein with Paul Robeson by the way -- and that would be for us to call compassion a spiritual technology. Now our traditions contain vast wisdom about this, and we need them to mine it for us now. But compassion is also equally at home in the secular as in the religious. So I will paraphrase Einstein in closing and say that humanity, the future of humanity, needs this technology as much as it needs all the others that have now connected us and set before us the terrifying and wondrous possibility of actually becoming one human race. Thank you. (Applause)

Averting the climate crisis | Pag-iwas sa krisis sa klima
Al Gore | Al Gore
Thank you so much, Chris. And it's truly a great honor to have the opportunity to come to this stage twice; I'm extremely grateful. I have been blown away by this conference, and I want to thank all of you for the many nice comments about what I had to say the other night. And I say that sincerely, partly because (Mock sob) I need that. (Laughter) Put yourselves in my position. (Laughter) I flew on Air Force Two for eight years. (Laughter) Now I have to take off my shoes or boots to get on an airplane! (Laughter) (Applause) I'll tell you one quick story to illustrate what that's been like for me. (Laughter) It's a true story -- every bit of this is true. Soon after Tipper and I left the -- (Mock sob) White House -- (Laughter) we were driving from our home in Nashville to a little farm we have 50 miles east of Nashville. Driving ourselves. (Laughter) I know it sounds like a little thing to you, but -- (Laughter) I looked in the rear-view mirror and all of a sudden it just hit me. There was no motorcade back there. (Laughter) You've heard of phantom limb pain? (Laughter) This was a rented Ford Taurus. (Laughter) It was dinnertime, and we started looking for a place to eat. We were on I-40. We got to Exit 238, Lebanon, Tennessee. We got off the exit, we found a Shoney's restaurant. Low-cost family restaurant chain, for those of you who don't know it. We went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over, made a big commotion over Tipper. (Laughter) She took our order, and then went to the couple in the booth next to us, and she lowered her voice so much, I had to really strain to hear what she was saying. And she said "Yes, that's former Vice President Al Gore and his wife, Tipper."And the man said, "He's come down a long way, hasn't he?"(Laughter) (Applause) There's been kind of a series of epiphanies. (Laughter) The very next day, continuing the totally true story, I got on a G-V to fly to Africa to make a speech in Nigeria, in the city of Lagos, on the topic of energy. And I began the speech by telling them the story of what had just happened the day before in Nashville. And I told it pretty much the same way I've just shared it with you: Tipper and I were driving ourselves, Shoney's, low-cost family restaurant chain, what the man said -- they laughed. I gave my speech, then went back out to the airport to fly back home. I fell asleep on the plane until, during the middle of the night, we landed on the Azores Islands for refueling. I woke up, they opened the door, I went out to get some fresh air, and I looked, and there was a man running across the runway. And he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling, "Call Washington! Call Washington!"And I thought to myself, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the Atlantic, what in the world could be wrong in Washington? Then I remembered it could be a bunch of things. (Laughter) But what it turned out to be, was that my staff was extremely upset because one of the wire services in Nigeria had already written a story about my speech, and it had already been printed in cities all across the United States of America. It was printed in Monterey, I checked. (Laughter) And the story began, "Former Vice President Al Gore announced in Nigeria yesterday,"quote: 'My wife Tipper and I have opened a low-cost family restaurant'"-- (Laughter) "'named Shoney's, and we are running it ourselves.'"(Laughter) Before I could get back to U.S. soil, David Letterman and Jay Leno had already started in on -- one of them had me in a big white chef's hat, Tipper was saying, "One more burger with fries!"(Laughter) Three days later, I got a nice, long, handwritten letter from my friend and partner and colleague Bill Clinton, saying, "Congratulations on the new restaurant, Al!"(Laughter) We like to celebrate each other's successes in life. (Laughter) I was going to talk about information ecology. But I was thinking that, since I plan to make a lifelong habit of coming back to TED, that maybe I could talk about that another time. (Applause) Chris Anderson: It's a deal! (Applause) Al Gore: I want to focus on what many of you have said you would like me to elaborate on: What can you do about the climate crisis? I want to start with a couple of -- I'm going to show some new images, and I'm going to recapitulate just four or five. Now, the slide show. I update the slide show every time I give it. I add new images, because I learn more about it every time I give it. It's like beach-combing, you know? Every time the tide comes in and out, you find some more shells. Just in the last two days, we got the new temperature records in January. This is just for the United States of America. Historical average for Januarys is 31 degrees; last month was 39.5 degrees. Now, I know that you wanted some more bad news about the environment -- I'm kidding. But these are the recapitulation slides, and then I'm going to go into new material about what you can do. But I wanted to elaborate on a couple of these. First of all, this is where we're projected to go with the U.S. contribution to global warming, under business as usual. Efficiency in end-use electricity and end-use of all energy is the low-hanging fruit. Efficiency and conservation -- it's not a cost; it's a profit. The sign is wrong. It's not negative; it's positive. These are investments that pay for themselves. But they are also very effective in deflecting our path. Cars and trucks -- I talked about that in the slideshow, but I want you to put it in perspective. It's an easy, visible target of concern -- and it should be -- but there is more global warming pollution that comes from buildings than from cars and trucks. Cars and trucks are very significant, and we have the lowest standards in the world. And so we should address that. But it's part of the puzzle. Other transportation efficiency is as important as cars and trucks. Renewables at the current levels of technological efficiency can make this much difference. And with what Vinod, and John Doerr and others, many of you here -- there are a lot of people directly involved in this -- this wedge is going to grow much more rapidly than the current projection shows it. Carbon Capture and Sequestration -- that's what CCS stands for -- is likely to become the killer app that will enable us to continue to use fossil fuels in a way that is safe. Not quite there yet. OK. Now, what can you do? Reduce emissions in your home. Most of these expenditures are also profitable. Insulation, better design. Buy green electricity where you can. I mentioned automobiles -- buy a hybrid. Use light rail. Figure out some of the other options that are much better. It's important. Be a green consumer. You have choices with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect, or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis. Consider this: Make a decision to live a carbon-neutral life. Those of you who are good at branding, I'd love to get your advice and help on how to say this in a way that connects with the most people. It is easier than you think. It really is. A lot of us in here have made that decision, and it is really pretty easy. It means reduce your carbon dioxide emissions with the full range of choices that you make, and then purchase or acquire offsets for the remainder that you have not completely reduced. And what it means is elaborated at climatecrisis.net. There is a carbon calculator. Participant Productions convened -- with my active involvement -- the leading software writers in the world, on this arcane science of carbon calculation, to construct a consumer-friendly carbon calculator. You can very precisely calculate what your CO2 emissions are, and then you will be given options to reduce. And by the time the movie comes out in May, this will be updated to 2.0, and we will have click-through purchases of offsets. Next, consider making your business carbon-neutral. Again, some of us have done that, and it's not as hard as you think. Integrate climate solutions into all of your innovations, whether you are from the technology, or entertainment, or design and architecture community. Invest sustainably. Majora mentioned this. Listen, if you have invested money with managers who you compensate on the basis of their annual performance, don't ever again complain about quarterly report CEO management. Over time, people do what you pay them to do. And if they judge how much they're going to get paid on your capital that they've invested, based on the short-term returns, you're going to get short-term decisions. A lot more to be said about that. Become a catalyst of change. Teach others, learn about it, talk about it. The movie is a movie version of the slideshow I gave two nights ago, except it's a lot more entertaining. And it comes out in May. Many of you here have the opportunity to ensure that a lot of people see it. Consider sending somebody to Nashville. Pick well. And I am personally going to train people to give this slideshow -- re-purposed, with some of the personal stories obviously replaced with a generic approach, and it's not just the slides, it's what they mean. And it's how they link together. And so I'm going to be conducting a course this summer for a group of people that are nominated by different folks to come and then give it en masse, in communities all across the country, and we're going to update the slideshow for all of them every single week, to keep it right on the cutting edge. Working with Larry Lessig, it will be, somewhere in that process, posted with tools and limited-use copyrights, so that young people can remix it and do it in their own way. (Applause) Where did anybody get the idea that you ought to stay arm's length from politics? It doesn't mean that if you're a Republican, that I'm trying to convince you to be a Democrat. We need Republicans as well. This used to be a bipartisan issue, and I know that in this group it really is. Become politically active. Make our democracy work the way it's supposed to work. Support the idea of capping carbon dioxide emissions -- global warming pollution -- and trading it. Here's why: as long as the United States is out of the world system, it's not a closed system. Once it becomes a closed system, with U.S. participation, then everybody who's on a board of directors -- how many people here serve on the board of directors of a corporation? Once it's a closed system, you will have legal liability if you do not urge your CEO to get the maximum income from reducing and trading the carbon emissions that can be avoided. The market will work to solve this problem -- if we can accomplish this. Help with the mass persuasion campaign that will start this spring. We have to change the minds of the American people. Because presently, the politicians do not have permission to do what needs to be done. And in our modern country, the role of logic and reason no longer includes mediating between wealth and power the way it once did. It's now repetition of short, hot-button, 30-second, 28-second television ads. We have to buy a lot of those ads. Let's re-brand global warming, as many of you have suggested. I like "climate crisis"instead of "climate collapse,"but again, those of you who are good at branding, I need your help on this. Somebody said the test we're facing now, a scientist told me, is whether the combination of an opposable thumb and a neocortex is a viable combination. (Laughter) That's really true. I said the other night, and I'll repeat now: this is not a political issue. Again, the Republicans here -- this shouldn't be partisan. You have more influence than some of us who are Democrats do. This is an opportunity. Not just this, but connected to the ideas that are here, to bring more coherence to them. We are one. Thank you very much, I appreciate it. (Applause)

The hidden beauty of pollination | Ang natatagong ganda ng polinasyon
Louie Schwartzberg | Louie Schwartzberg
It's great being here at TED. You know, I think there might be some presentations that will go over my head, but the most amazing concepts are the ones that go right under my feet. The little things in life, sometimes that we forget about, like pollination, that we take for granted. And you can't tell the story about pollinators -- bees, bats, hummingbirds, butterflies -- without telling the story about the invention of flowers and how they co-evolved over 50 million years. I've been filming time-lapse flowers 24 hours a day, seven days a week, for over 35 years. To watch them move is a dance I'm never going to get tired of. It fills me with wonder, and it opens my heart. Beauty and seduction, I believe, is nature's tool for survival, because we will protect what we fall in love with. Their relationship is a love story that feeds the Earth. It reminds us that we are a part of nature, and we're not separate from it. When I heard about the vanishing bees, Colony Collapse Disorder, it motivated me to take action. We depend on pollinators for over a third of the fruits and vegetables we eat. And many scientists believe it's the most serious issue facing mankind. It's like the canary in the coalmine. If they disappear, so do we. It reminds us that we are a part of nature and we need to take care of it. What motivated me to film their behavior was something that I asked my scientific advisers: "What motivates the pollinators?"Well, their answer was, "It's all about risk and reward."Like a wide-eyed kid, I'd say, "Why is that?"And they'd say, "Well, because they want to survive."I go, "Why?""Well, in order to reproduce.""Well, why?"And I thought that they'd probably say, "Well, it's all about sex."And Chip Taylor, our monarch butterfly expert, he replied, "Nothing lasts forever. Everything in the universe wears out."And that blew my mind. Because I realized that nature had invented reproduction as a mechanism for life to move forward, as a life force that passes right through us and makes us a link in the evolution of life. Rarely seen by the naked eye, this intersection between the animal world and the plant world is truly a magic moment. It's the mystical moment where life regenerates itself, over and over again. So here is some nectar from my film. I hope you'll drink, tweet and plant some seeds to pollinate a friendly garden. And always take time to smell the flowers, and let it fill you with beauty, and rediscover that sense of wonder. Here are some images from the film. (Music) (Applause) Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause) Thank you. (Applause)

The ancestor of language | Ang ninuno ng wika
Murray Gell-Mann | Murray Gell-Mann
Well, I'm involved in other things, besides physics. In fact, mostly now in other things. One thing is distant relationships among human languages. And the professional, historical linguists in the U.S. and in Western Europe mostly try to stay away from any long-distance relationships, big groupings, groupings that go back a long time, longer than the familiar families. They don't like that. They think it's crank. I don't think it's crank. And there are some brilliant linguists, mostly Russians, who are working on that, at Santa Fe Institute and in Moscow, and I would love to see where that leads. Does it really lead to a single ancestor some 20, 25,000 years ago? And what if we go back beyond that single ancestor, when there was presumably a competition among many languages? How far back does that go? How far back does modern language go? How many tens of thousands of years does it go back? Chris Anderson: Do you have a hunch or a hope for what the answer to that is? Murray Gell-Mann: Well, I would guess that modern language must be older than the cave paintings and cave engravings and cave sculptures and dance steps in the soft clay in the caves in Western Europe, in the Aurignacian Period some 35,000 years ago, or earlier. I can't believe they did all those things and didn't also have a modern language. So, I would guess that the actual origin goes back at least that far and maybe further. But that doesn't mean that all, or many, or most of today's attested languages couldn't descend perhaps from one that's much younger than that, like say 20,000 years, or something of that kind. It's what we call a bottleneck. CA: Well, Philip Anderson may have been right. You may just know more about everything than anyone. So, it's been an honor. Thank you Murray Gell-Mann. (Applause)

The brain-changing benefits of exercise
Wendy Suzuki | Wendy Suzuki
What if I told you there was something that you can do right now that would have an immediate, positive benefit for your brain including your mood and your focus? And what if I told you that same thing could actually last a long time and protect your brain from different conditions like depression, Alzheimer's disease or dementia. Would you do it? Yes! I am talking about the powerful effects of physical activity. Simply moving your body, has immediate, long-lasting and protective benefits for your brain. And that can last for the rest of your life. So what I want to do today is tell you a story about how I used my deep understanding of neuroscience, as a professor of neuroscience, to essentially do an experiment on myself in which I discovered the science underlying why exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today. Now, as a neuroscientist, I know that our brains, that is the thing in our head right now, that is the most complex structure known to humankind. But it's one thing to talk about the brain, and it's another to see it. So here is a real preserved human brain. And it's going to illustrate two key areas that we are going to talk about today. The first is the prefrontal cortex, right behind your forehead, critical for things like decision-making, focus, attention and your personality. The second key area is located in the temporal lobe, shown right here. You have two temporal lobes in your brain, the right and the left, and deep in the temporal lobe is a key structure critical for your ability to form and retain new long-term memories for facts and events. And that structure is called the hippocampus. So I've always been fascinated with the hippocampus. How could it be that an event that lasts just a moment, say, your first kiss, or the moment your first child was born, can form a memory that has changed your brain, that lasts an entire lifetime? That's what I want to understand. I wanted to start and record the activity of individual brain cells in the hippocampus as subjects were forming new memories. And essentially try and decode how those brief bursts of electrical activity, which is how neurons communicate with each other, how those brief bursts either allowed us to form a new memory, or did not. But a few years ago, I did something very unusual in science. As a full professor of neural science, I decided to completely switch my research program. Because I encountered something that was so amazing, with the potential to change so many lives that I had to study it. I discovered and I experienced the brain-changing effects of exercise. And I did it in a completely inadvertent way. I was actually at the height of all the memory work that I was doing -- data was pouring in, I was becoming known in my field for all of this memory work. And it should have been going great. It was, scientifically. But when I stuck my head out of my lab door, I noticed something. I had no social life. I spent too much time listening to those brain cells in a dark room, by myself. (Laughter) I didn't move my body at all. I had gained 25 pounds. And actually, it took me many years to realize it, I was actually miserable. And I shouldn't be miserable. And I went on a river-rafting trip -- by myself, because I had no social life. And I came back -- (Laughter) thinking, "Oh, my God, I was the weakest person on that trip."And I came back with a mission. I said, "I'm never going to feel like the weakest person on a river-rafting trip again."And that's what made me go to the gym. And I focused my type-A personality on going to all the exercise classes at the gym. I tried everything. I went to kickbox, dance, yoga, step class, and at first it was really hard. But what I noticed is that after every sweat-inducing workout that I tried, I had this great mood boost and this great energy boost. And that's what kept me going back to the gym. Well, I started feeling stronger. I started feeling better, I even lost that 25 pounds. And now, fast-forward a year and a half into this regular exercise program and I noticed something that really made me sit up and take notice. I was sitting at my desk, writing a research grant, and a thought went through my mind that had never gone through my mind before. And that thought was, "Gee, grant-writing is going well today."And all the scientists -- (Laughter) yeah, all the scientists always laugh when I say that, because grant-writing never goes well. It is so hard; you're always pulling your hair out, trying to come up with that million-dollar-winning idea. But I realized that the grant-writing was going well, because I was able to focus and maintain my attention for longer than I had before. And my long-term memory -- what I was studying in my own lab -- seemed to be better in me. And that's when I put it together. Maybe all that exercise that I had included and added to my life was changing my brain. Maybe I did an experiment on myself without even knowing it. So as a curious neuroscientist, I went to the literature to see what I could find about what we knew about the effects of exercise on the brain. And what I found was an exciting and a growing literature that was essentially showing everything that I noticed in myself. Better mood, better energy, better memory, better attention. And the more I learned, the more I realized how powerful exercise was. Which eventually led me to the big decision to completely shift my research focus. And so now, after several years of really focusing on this question, I've come to the following conclusion: that exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today for the following three reasons. Number one: it has immediate effects on your brain. A single workout that you do will immediately increase levels of neurotransmitters like dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline. That is going to increase your mood right after that workout, exactly what I was feeling. My lab showed that a single workout can improve your ability to shift and focus attention, and that focus improvement will last for at least two hours. And finally, studies have shown that a single workout will improve your reaction times which basically means that you are going to be faster at catching that cup of Starbucks that falls off the counter, which is very, very important. (Laughter) But these immediate effects are transient, they help you right after. What you have to do is do what I did, that is change your exercise regime, increase your cardiorespiratory function, to get the long-lasting effects. And these effects are long-lasting because exercise actually changes the brain's anatomy, physiology and function. Let's start with my favorite brain area, the hippocampus. The hippocampus -- or exercise actually produces brand new brain cells, new brain cells in the hippocampus, that actually increase its volume, as well as improve your long-term memory, OK? And that including in you and me. Number two: the most common finding in neuroscience studies, looking at effects of long-term exercise, is improved attention function dependent on your prefrontal cortex. You not only get better focus and attention, but the volume of the hippocampus increases as well. And finally, you not only get immediate effects of mood with exercise but those last for a long time. So you get long-lasting increases in those good mood neurotransmitters. But really, the most transformative thing that exercise will do is its protective effects on your brain. Here you can think about the brain like a muscle. The more you're working out, the bigger and stronger your hippocampus and prefrontal cortex gets. Why is that important? Because the prefrontal cortex and the hippocampus are the two areas that are most susceptible to neurodegenerative diseases and normal cognitive decline in aging. So with increased exercise over your lifetime, you're not going to cure dementia or Alzheimer's disease, but what you're going to do is you're going to create the strongest, biggest hippocampus and prefrontal cortex so it takes longer for these diseases to actually have an effect. You can think of exercise, therefore, as a supercharged 401K for your brain, OK? And it's even better, because it's free. So this is the point in the talk where everybody says, "That sounds so interesting, Wendy, but I really will only want to know one thing. And that is, just tell me the minimum amount of exercise I need to get all these changes."(Laughter) And so I'm going to tell you the answer to that question. First, good news: you don't have to become a triathlete to get these effects. The rule of thumb is you want to get three to four times a week exercise minimum 30 minutes an exercise session, and you want to get aerobic exercise in. That is, get your heart rate up. And the good news is, you don't have to go to the gym to get a very expensive gym membership. Add an extra walk around the block in your power walk. You see stairs -- take stairs. And power-vacuuming can be as good as the aerobics class that you were going to take at the gym. So I've gone from memory pioneer to exercise explorer. From going into the innermost workings of the brain, to trying to understand how exercise can improve our brain function, and my goal in my lab right now is to go beyond that rule of thumb that I just gave you -- three to four times a week, 30 minutes. I want to understand the optimum exercise prescription for you, at your age, at your fitness level, for your genetic background, to maximize the effects of exercise today and also to improve your brain and protect your brain the best for the rest of your life. But it's one thing to talk about exercise, and it's another to do it. So I'm going to invoke my power as a certified exercise instructor, to ask you all to stand up. (Laughter) We're going to do just one minute of exercise. It's call-and-response, just do what I do, say what I say, and make sure you don't punch your neighbor, OK? Music! (Upbeat music) Five, six, seven, eight, it's right, left, right, left. And I say, I am strong now. Let's hear you. Audience: I am strong now. Wendy Suzuki: Ladies, I am Wonder Woman-strong. Let's hear you! Audience: I am Wonder Woman-strong. WS: New move -- uppercut, right and left. I am inspired now. You say it! Audience: I am inspired now. WS: Last move -- pull it down, right and left, right and left. I say, I am on fire now! You say it. Audience: I am on fire now. WS: And done! OK, good job! (Applause) Thank you. I want to leave you with one last thought. And that is, bringing exercise in your life will not only give you a happier, more protective life today, but it will protect your brain from incurable diseases. And in this way it will change the trajectory of your life for the better. Thank you very much. (Applause) Thank you. (Applause)

How working couples can best support each other
Jennifer Petriglieri | Jennifer Petriglieri
It may sound strange to bring up work, but when we fall in love, we often consider what that love will do to our life, and our work and careers are a big part of that. [The Way We Work] [Made possible with the support of Dropbox] All working couples face hard choices, and these can feel like a zero-sum game. One partner gets offered a job in another city, so the other needs to leave their job and start over. One partner takes on more childcare and puts their career on hold so the other can pursue an exciting promotion. One gains and one loses. And while some couples who make these choices are satisfied, others regret them bitterly. What makes the difference? I've spent the last seven years studying working couples, and I've found that it's not what couples choose, it's how they choose. Of course, we can't control our circumstances, nor do we have limitless choices. But for those we do, how can couples choose well? First: start early, long before you have something to decide. The moment you're faced with a hard choice, say, whether one of you should go back to school or take a risky job offer, it's too late. Choosing well begins with understanding each other's aspirations early on -- aspirations like wanting to start a small business, live close to extended family, save enough money to buy a house of our own or have another child. Many of us measure our lives by comparing what we're doing with our aspirations. When the gap is small, we feel content. When it's large, we feel unhappy. And if we're part of a couple, we place at least some of that blame with our partner. Set aside time at least twice a year to discuss your aspirations. I'm a big fan of keeping a written record of these conversations. Putting pen to paper with our partners helps us remember each other's aspirations and that we're writing the story of our lives together. Next: eliminate options that don't support the life you want to live together. You can do this agreeing on boundaries that make hard choices easier. Boundaries like geography: Where would you like to live and work? Time: How many working hours a week will make family life possible? Travel: How much work travel can you really stand? Once you've agreed to your boundaries, the choice becomes easy when faced with an opportunity that falls outside of them. "I'm not going to interview for that job, because we've agreed we don't want to move across country." Or, "I'm going to cut back on my overtime because we've agreed it's essential we spend more time together as a family."Couples who understand each other's aspirations and commit to strong boundaries can let go of seemingly attractive opportunities without regret. If you're faced with an opportunity that falls within your boundaries, then what matters is that the choices you make keep your couple in balance over time, even if they don't perfectly align with both partners' aspirations at the same time. If your choices are mainly driven by one partner or support one partner's aspirations more than the other, an imbalance of power will develop. That imbalance, I've found, is the reason most working couples who fail do so. Eventually, one gets fed up with being a prop rather than a partner. To avoid this, track your decisions over time. Unlike your aspirations and boundaries, there's no need to keep a detailed record of every decision you make. Just keep an open conversation going about how able each of you feel to shape decisions that affect you both. How will you know you've chosen well? One common misunderstanding is that you can only know what choice is right in hindsight. And maybe it's true we judge life backwards, but we must live it forwards. I've found that couples who look back on a choice as a good one did so not just because of the outcome eventually; they did it because that choice empowered them individually and as a couple as they made it. It wasn't what they chose, it was that they were choosing deliberately, and that made them feel closer and freer together.

How to calm your anxiety, from a neuroscientist | 
Wendy Suzuki | Wendy Suzuki
You know when you get that ambiguous email from your boss and you start to feel sweaty palms and that empty, freaked out sensation in your stomach? Welcome back, anxiety. Most of us think of anxiety as a bad thing, something to be avoided at all costs. But what if it weren't? What if you could take all of that energy racing around your brain and your body and transform it into something helpful? [The Way We Work] Global anxiety levels, both the clinical kind and what I call the everyday kind, have increased tremendously in recent years. And many of us are noticing this at work. We might think of anxiety as something that we'd rather just leave on the side of the road if we could. But anxiety is an important tool that arose during our evolution that we use to avoid danger. It's essential for our survival. So how come we don't even feel vaguely protected by it? It's because the volume of our individual and collective anxiety levels has been turned way up too high, and too much of even a potentially good thing like anxiety is bad. So I would like to share two powerful, science-based tools for turning down the volume on our anxiety and helping us get anxiety back to its helpful, protective state. And both of these tools begin by connecting with our bodies. Tool number one is breath work. It's just simple, deep breathing. Slowly inhale and exhale. This can be one of the most immediate ways to calm anxiety, because deep breath directly activates the natural de-stressing part of our nervous systems called the parasympathetic nervous system. I recommend a boxed breathing approach, which is: inhale deeply on four counts, hold at the top for four counts, exhale deeply on four counts and hold at the bottom for four counts. You can even do this in the middle of any anxiety-provoking conversation, and no one will even know. Lots of people, from ancient monks to modern meditators, have figured this tool out and use it all the time. Tool number two: moving your body. This one also has immediate positive effects on your mood state, but for a different reason. Every time you move your body, you're releasing a whole bunch of beneficial neurochemicals in your brain. These neurochemicals include dopamine, serotonin, noradrenaline and endorphins, mood and reward-boosting neurochemicals that work to both increase positive mood states and decrease negative ones. I like to say that every single time you move your body, it's like giving yourself a wonderful bubble bath of neurochemicals for your brain. So when your boss's email comes in and your heart starts to race, what exactly can you do? If you're in an office, try taking a short walk around the block or even to the supply closet for some sticky notes. If you're working from home, put on two of your favorite songs and dance around the living room like no one is watching. Studies have shown that all it takes is ten minutes of walking to get those mood-boosting effects. But be creative with your movement session. Whether that's a quick session of power vacuuming a la Mrs. Doubtfire when you’re stressed about a deadline or doing a set of jumping jacks or getting off the elevator one floor early to do a power walk up that last flight of stairs before an important meeting. All of these possibilities will all help your anxiety levels come down. In fact, I tested this effect on my own NYU students. First, I had them take an anxiety assessment before leading them in a movement session that included movements from kickbox and dance and yoga and martial arts together with positive spoken affirmations. Then I had them retake that same anxiety assessment again. What happened? After our movement session, their anxiety scores had decreased to normal levels. Now that's powerful, real-world example that you can use in your life today. So make sure to incorporate these bursts of activity in your day, and try one out next time you're feeling stress. It can really make your anxiety feel less all-consuming. Once you connect with your body and turn the volume down on your anxiety, two important things will happen. First, when that email comes in, you'll be in a better position to evaluate what about it makes you anxious. Is it that you've taken on too much or that you feel insecure about a particular skill set? In other words, you'll be able to use this emotion, anxiety, for exactly what it was evolved to do: warn you about potential dangers so you can become aware of them and find ways to effectively and creatively address them in your everyday life. Second, once you find the warning signals in your anxiety, you'll be able to communicate with others. You might seek out advice from a trusted colleague when that difficult issue arises. Or you might even have a conversation with your boss about how to prioritize projects. Because you're no longer in fight-or-flight mode, asking for that support won't feel nearly as threatening. And one of the best gifts of approaching your anxiety in this way is that you will be able to notice those telltale signs of anxiety in everyone else around you, especially those forms of anxiety you're most familiar with. And what will that do? That will allow you to give that person a smile or a kind word to help them through that moment. In other words, your own form of anxiety can boost your personal super power of empathy. And I can't think of anything we need in this world today more than higher levels of empathy for one another. Your take-home in all of this? If you breathe, move and take note of what your anxiety is signaling, you'll feel more fulfilled, more creative, more connected and less stressed overall. And that's my wish for every one of us.

Why the African diaspora is crucial to the continent's future
So, I'm here to recruit you. (Laughter) But not in the sense that you're thinking. I know I'm a politician. I'll save that for another day. I'm here to try and encourage you to take up a leadership role in public service in your country and on your continent. I'm here to convince you that your country and your continent need you - not later, not when you're older and more experienced, but now - and that whether you realize it or not, your country's politics are going to be doomed to fail unless you're willing to get involved right now. So my recruitment pitch  comes with a single disclaimer: I resigned from public office 18 months ago. (Laughter) I did it in order to take stock of my time in office, to think about the work that I had done, to capacitate myself with skills, knowledge, contacts, allies and experiences, and to find a little bit of personal and professional perspective. It's one of the best decisions I think I've ever made. I imagine that some time during the next 18 minutes while I'm pitching you, you're going to think, "Yeah, it's easy for you to say I should go into public service. You've already done it and you've left." But I hope I'll be able to convince you that, in fact, we all find ourselves in exactly the same boat right now. Because being outside of politics for 18 months has reminded me just how important it is and just how much the political landscapes in my country and in your countries and on our continent are truly lacking in good leadership and political talent. So, I want to make a deal with you. I'm not going to return to active politics unless you come with me. (Laughter) I'm not going to do it alone. I won't go back unless I can convince smart, entrepreneurial, highly skilled, talented, experienced  young Africans like yourselves and millions more like you across the continent, that the best chance  that our countries have, not just for survival but for lasting prosperity, is if our most talented citizens step forward and make themselves available, either for political party, leadership or for public service and government. So over the next 16-or-so minutes that are remaining, I'm going to alternately flatter you, as I just have, (Laughter) I'm going to challenge you, I'm going to talk to you about my experiences, about a couple of facts and figures; I may even frighten you a little bit. And it'll be entirely worth it if that fear convinces you of the urgency of the point in history that we find ourselves in today. Everything I say today will be in service of a single objective: convincing you, showing you, that your countries need you; that Africa's prosperity may depend on many things - entrepreneurialism, industrial development, health reform, social upliftment - but that all of these hinge upon the success of politics and government in our countries. I can't begin a talk about public service, of course, without honoring my former president Nelson Mandela, the father of democratic South Africa. (Cheers) (Applause) President Mandela passed away on this day in 2013. I really believe that when the people of my country look back on the day that he passed away, it'll be seen as an inflection point in South Africa's history. The day we decided whether we could, indeed, go it alone without him. What's written in those history books will depend entirely on whether this generation, which includes all of you sitting in this room, recognizes that the time has come for us to take up the work that President Mandela left for us, before that work is captured by people who would use power and politics for empty vanity and personal gain. I'm referring, of course, to the young man who was here in London this very past week. Defiling the name of the visionary leader, the intellectual and political strategist, the formidable athlete, the Prince of the Abathembu nation who served as a South Africa's first democratic president. The young man who tried to taint President Mandela's legacy with a few throwaway lines, all in service of getting  cheap headlines, which he got. People like this, who we leave public service to when we stay out of the fray of public service, are the reason your country and my country needs you and needs us. So let us begin. I want to first talk to you  about the African diaspora. You may have heard about a study in 2013 that revealed that cash transfers from Africans living outside of the continent have now begun to exceed donor aid from foreign countries into Africa. (Applause) In 2012, total remittances to Africa stood at 60 billion dollars while in the same year, official development aid to Sub-Saharan Africa totalled 44.6 billion by comparison. Now, this got me thinking. If we can do such great work with our money from outside of Africa, what can we do with our skills, our talent, our experiences, our education and our passion for our countries and for our continent? I've spent the past semester at the Harvard Kennedy School as a fellow at the Institute of Politics. I ran a seminar which was called "How to build a democracy? Lessons from South Africa." It was also about Zimbabwe and Malawi.  And it wasn't intended to make it seem like we got everything right in South Africa, but it was asking the critical question: Now that we have this legacy of peaceful transition, of constitutionalism, of difficult negotiations, which were very, very difficultly gotten, are we going to be successful in entrenching that democracy and making it last into the future? Now, one of the benefits of being an African in an academic setting like New England is that other African students reach out to you, they want to talk to you, and many of them express to you their desire to enter public service. So I had students knocking down my door, wanting to talk to me in office hours about the fact that they have Ghanean parents but they were born in Texas. They really wanted to give back to Ghana, but they're afraid that if they go home, nobody will take them seriously as real Africans. I had students who said they had families, wives, children, husbands, partners to take care of, perhaps they were better off staying in the United States and providing for their families back home rather than going back and getting into public service. This got me thinking about the question of skills remittance, of talent remittance, of social and political remittance. If these young people have the passion to give back to their communities monetarily, imagine how different our politics would be if those same skills, influence, leadership, talent were put at work in service of the public good. And that includes all of you in this room because many of you are also part of the diaspora. I'm here to recruit you. I'm here to make a deal with you. I'm not going back unless I take you with me. (Laugther) Now, I know that most of you, if not the vast majority of you, are completely fed up, turned off, discouraged, disgusted by politics, either in your country, in this country, all over the world. Perhaps you are discouraged by the fact that governments are slow to deliver. Perhaps they're inefficient.   Perhaps they are thoroughly corrupt and rotten to the core. Perhaps they're responsible for conflicts that have claimed lives and livelihoods in the countries from which you come. So why would you sink your time and your energies into such a compromised system? One of the most powerful analyses of conflict, inefficiency, corruption, stagnation which I've encountered in recent months is the question of a political economy. There is a reason that our governments are not performing as they should. It's not just because of a failure within the system. Consider the political economy of conflict and corruption in your own country. Why is it so difficult to overcome? Who is making money or amassing power because things don't work the way they should? Where does the back stop? Who has an incentive to keep the system dysfunctional? And how can we work together to overcome their total infection of the system, to ensure that we don't lose our grip on the very principle of democratic governance? The answer, I'm afraid, because you were born into this political time, is simply by taking over - you have to get involved. There's no way around it. You have to join political organizations in numbers large enough to influence change from within. You have to actively seek to take up a leadership role in government, in the state, in the public service and deftly but decisively move its priorities to where they should be: not in the service of people who want to amass power and money for themselves, but to better the lives of the highest number of people. There will always be government, whether we like it or not, whether we find it palatable or not. But there won't always be democracy. If we ignore politics, the people who have been quietly lobbying our governments to prioritize development ahead of democracy, these are the people who will have their way, and the systems that we now take for granted will dissolve before our eyes. When I was campaigning in South Africa last year for the 2014 general election, the voter registration numbers looked a little bit like this, six months before the election: 23% of potential voters  in the 18-to-19-year-old age group were registered to vote. In the age group 20 to 29 years old, 55% were registered. And from 30 upwards, the number varied from 79 to 100%; in fact, there were more people aged 80 and over who were registered than were in the census numbers in South Africa. Imagine that. Fully 100% of people over a certain age consider voting to be an indispensable right, 21 years into democracy, and do not shirk their responsibility to register and turn out at the polls. But in the 18-to-19-year-old age group - and we must remember 19 is the average age on our continent; 26 is the average age in South Africa - the number is 23% to 55%. What's the political economy of voter apathy? Who benefits when we stay out of the system? Who gets to keep the status quo and empower themselves and enrich themselves and continue to infect our political system like a cancer. Who banks by us continuing with the status quo? Now even as I say all of this to you, that your country and your continent need you to enter public service, I know that if you take up my challenge, you're going to face huge amounts of resistance - all because of these political economies that I have just described. I did. I was told that I was too young. I was too female. (Laughter) I didn't have enough experience though no one could define what experience was enough. I had too much of a white accent; I wasn't a real African. I straightened my hair and wore weaves; I wasn't a real African. We should be honest about the things that hold people back from entering public service - humiliation, degradation; it's not an easy road - but all of these things should illustrate to you the extent to which the status quo is designed to enrich and empower a few at the expense of the many, and it should impart to you  the urgency of you, as a generation, of now getting involved in public service to change that very culture. And if you decide to enter public service, you may even be tempted to believe some of these criticisms. They're designed to keep you out; that's how gatekeeping works. Somebody is benefiting from the absence of excellence and disruption in politics and government. But these are challenges that have to be faced on. There is no other route; there is no wishing this away. They are the reason that your country and your continent need you. We have this thing in politics in Africa; it's called the "big man." The cult of personality - we've all heard different terminologies for it. In South Africa, in particular, this entails waiting for a great person to come and save us from ourselves. Currently, we're waiting for Cyril Ramaphosa or Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma or [inaudible] to come and save South Africa from itself, to save us from the mess  that we find ourselves in that perhaps another big man put us in. But how can a single personality be held responsible for building or for running a whole nation? And where do we turn when they fail? If we haven't cultivated any kind of pipeline of energetic, young people who wanted to enter public service now or in the future and, critically, who can do the job better, are we doomed to always have to choose between mediocrity and ego, and mediocrity and ego? Is that it? Is that all our government will ever be? Or worse: Are we going to stand by while presidents change constitutions so they can serve a third term and a fourth term and a fifth term, claiming that three million people signed a petition stating that they are the only person who can do the job? (Laughter) (Applause) Is that what we'll do? Now, there's a new energy around entrepreneurism and innovation and growth in Africa today. But that energy isn't going to translate into lasting prosperity unless we get our politics right. Political leaders who are gatekeepers of the status quo will claim that any success is their success. They'll centralize power, and they'll demand that we all be grateful for those little green shoots of achievement, and then they'll claim that nobody else can do the job. They'll argue that development must come first, freedom can come later, and that they are the best benevolent dictator to do the job. They'll take your political voice from you when times are a little bit good, and when times go bad, they will refuse to give it back. There is no prosperity for our continent without a vibrant, diverse, and truly competitive politics, founded upon excellence, transparency and commitment to the public good. Our politics will not have any of these qualities unless talented, young people, the best people, step forward at this moment in Africa's history, when we're emerging from that stereotype of the dark continent, the hopeless continent, and commit themselves to public service. We must run for office. We must work in the civil service. We must disrupt the political status quo. We must prevent the rush to the bottom. You really are the ones that you have been waiting for. There are no great saviors waiting somewhere in the wings to save us from future problems. There's nobody who is waiting in the wings to come and save us from ourselves; there's just us. And I'm not going back without you. (Laughter) So, will you take up the challenge? Thank you. (Cheers) (Applause)

Nuclear threat and the war in Ukraine
Here we go again. Really, the last time I was invited to speak to a TED audience, the nuclear threat had reared its ugly head. There were words of fire and fury like the world has never seen. And this got friends calling me and asking, “Am I safe from North Korea’s ballistic missile threat?” This time, it’s talk of consequences you’ve never faced in your history that have my friends calling. Words issued from a different nuclear-armed leader. Yet, doesn’t it all sound all too familiar? The difference, this time, is that nuclear weapons are not merely being brandished in a joust, a verbal joust, between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un, but they’re being used by Vladimir Putin as a tool to try to blackmail the world. Nuclear weapons have emboldened his aggression and enabled war crimes. Not since the end of the Cold War have nuclear weapons and the threat been brandished so brashly. And this time, three things have stood out to me: the public’s reluctant awakening to a threat that’s long been there, the difference between theory and reality, and the uncertain nuclear future that all of us face. So when it comes to this public awakening, the war in Ukraine has sparked renewed attention to nuclear weapons. And for some, the fear is new. Duck-and-cover drills were something they heard about from their grandparents. But suddenly, nuclear weapons have shifted from an abstraction to a dangerous reality in the public consciousness. Polling shows that half of Americans are very concerned that Putin would use nuclear weapons in Ukraine, and nearly half of Americans are just as concerned that Russia would target the U.S. with nuclear weapons. Nearly 70 % of Americans surveyed by the American Psychological Association said they are worried that the invasion of Ukraine is going to lead to nuclear war, and that they fear we’re at the beginnings of World War III. When the Cold War ended, we were lulled into a false sense of security and complacency as we allowed ourselves to focus less on nuclear weapons. This is understandable, given the many issues that threaten communities today, and these kinds of threats are more acute and regular than the threat of nuclear weapons. But the nuclear threat never fully went away, and in fact, it’s grown in recent years. And now the complacency of the past few decades is coming back to haunt us. In many ways, this is our current day Cuban Missile Crisis. People were shocked and scared by Vladimir Putin’s thinly veiled threat of nuclear use over Ukraine as he reminded the world of Russia’s nuclear arsenal. And Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in an interview on CNN that Russia’s nuclear policy is to use nuclear weapons when faced with an existential threat. This is nothing new. In fact, the U.S. has the very same policy. But when Putin claimed that the harsh sanctions the U.S. and its allies have imposed on Russia since early March, when he referred to them as like a declaration of war, shivers went down my spine. Could Putin really try to justify a nuclear strike in response to a financial punishment for a war that he himself started? This begs the question, “What counts as an existential threat to a country, and who gets to make that call?” This is a question we should be asking of each nuclear power, including the United States. And in all of this, we’re reminded that our fate is left in the hands of a powerful few, including those whose judgment has proven questionable in the past and suggests a recklessness in the future. When it comes to the gap between theory and reality - when I first learned about nuclear weapons back in Australia in high school all those years ago, I was mortified, yet fascinated at the same time. Mortified that we had enough destructive power to destroy civilization as we know it many times over. Yet, I was fascinated by the macabre logic of mutually assured destruction. It's a logic that purports to keep the peace. And it says if one side attacks the other, the other can respond in kind, causing mass destruction for both sides, thus deterring either side from using weapons first. It’s kind of sick and twisted when you think about it, but it makes sense, until, that is, reality gets in the way. Russia’s war in Ukraine completely discredits the claim that nuclear weapons keep the peace. Instead, Russia’s nuclear arsenal is enabling Putin’s aggression and war crimes, and he is threatening nuclear war in order to shape the U.S. and NATO response, hardly keeping the peace. Now the U.S. response is puzzling to many people. Why, they ask, can’t the U.S. and NATO send troops to help Ukraine? Why are they only helping to arm them? And why can’t the U.S. and NATO enforce a no-fly zone, as president Zelensky is so strongly requesting? Well, the answer is that the U.S. is trying to do everything it can to avoid a direct confrontation between NATO and Russian forces because engagement between military forces of major nuclear powers could escalate to nuclear use, potentially nuclear war. Setting up and enforcing a no-fly zone means actively taking out Russian air defense systems and potentially shooting down Russian planes that enter the no-fly zone. This is a sure-fire recipe for escalation. Now Putin is banking on this response. The question is, for us, what happens after Ukraine? Will the international community hold Putin to account not only for the egregious war crimes, but also for threatening to annihilate civilians indiscriminately? Or will his lesson be that nuclear threats win the day? And in the big picture, now that Putin’s gone there with the nuclear threat, how does the world live with Putin in the future? So thinking about this uncertain future and stepping back from the Ukraine crisis, it’s clear that Ukraine is a symptom of a much larger problem when it comes to nuclear weapons. We rely on outdated assumptions to guarantee our security. We assume perfect information that will allow us to decipher an opponent’s moves with certainty. We assume we understand the other nations and the other leaders’ “rationality”, and that we’ll never make a mistake. And we assume that the theory of mutually assured destruction, developed in the 50s, is the best we can do in these times. Does this all truly make us safer? It hasn’t seemed to for the people of Ukraine. We leave all of these assumptions unchecked at our peril. I worry about the next crisis after Ukraine, because there will be more. It’s time to stop thinking about nuclear risk only in the immediate term and be planning for the longer term to challenge assumptions that don’t seem to work. We need to think about what behavior we’re willing to accept and what role nuclear weapons play in this. The outrage that so many of you have expressed is an indicator that you’re not satisfied with the status quo either. We need to take control over the future and fundamentally change the dynamics at play. So to do that, we need to include people who are normally kept out of the discourse and debate and decision-making. For far too long, this topic has been relegated to a select few and wrongfully deemed too complex for wider input. But we know better off now than we were in the 1950s, and it’s all of our futures at stake. And there are ripple effects that we are seeing with this crisis, second-order effects from a conflict of this nature, such as humanitarian impacts, refugees, food shortages, famine, war crimes. So we need to look at this issue holistically. We need systemic thinking about the way nuclear weapons interact with other global problems. We need to harness the brainpower and know-how of the modern age. We need to involve people in this conversation from a range of disciplines, like social psychology, behavioral economics, neuroscience, art, and technology. We need the involvement of people with a range of lived experiences, including those most impacted by nuclear weapons use and development. And importantly, we need an educated public that understands the stakes, that understands posture, and that understands the destructive power of all nuclear weapons, even so-called small ones. We need a public that understands that the endless race to develop ever more lethal weapons raises our risk rather than lowers it. We need a public that is willing to weigh in on this, that is willing to tell their elected officials what they think. In short, we need all of you. It’s always an honor to talk to a TED audience. If there’s a next time, I hope it’s about progress we’ve made at thwarting this existential threat of our time, about the application of human ingenuity to solve complex problems, and not as a wake-up call because we have another crisis, a crisis potentially even more devastating than this one.

Can dogs sniff out malaria?
Malaria is still one of the biggest killers on the planet. Despite us making significant progress in the last 20 years, half the world's population is still at risk from this disease. In fact, every two minutes a child dies from Malaria. Our progress has undoubtedly stalled.  Now, we face many challenges when it comes to tackling Malaria. But one of the problems that we have is actually finding people who are infected with Malaria in the first place. So for example, if people have some level of immunity to the disease, then they can develop an infection and become infectious and still pass it on, but not actually develop any symptoms, and that can be a big problem because how do you find those people - it's like looking for a needle in a haystack. Now, scientists have been trying to solve this problem for some years, but what I want to talk to you about today is that the solution to this problem may have been right under our noses this whole time. That was a bit of a heavy start with lots of really important and serious statistics. So I want us all to just relax a little bit now, help me to relax a little bit as well. So why don't we all take a nice deep breath in. (Inhaling) Wow! And sigh. Okay, I'm going to get blown away there. (Laughter) Okay, now I want you to do it again, but this time I want you to do it just through your nose, and I want you to really sense the environment around you. And in fact, I want you to really smell the person who's sitting next to you, even if you don't know them. I don't care! Lean in. Get your nose right into their armpit. Stop being so British about it. Get your nose into the armpit, have a good old sniff. See what you can smell. (Laughter) Now, each and everyone of us would have had a very different sensory experience there. Some of us will have smelt something rather pleasant, perhaps somebody's perfume. But some of us might've smelt something a little bit less pleasant, perhaps - perhaps somebody's bad breath or body odour. Maybe you even smelled your own body odour. But there's probably a good reason that some of us don't like certain body smells. Throughout history, there had been many examples of diseases being associated with a smell. So for example, typhoid apparently smells like baked brown bread. Well, that's quite a nice smell, isn't it? But it starts to get a little bit worse. TB smells like stale beer, and yellow fever smells like the inside of a butcher shop, like raw meat. And in fact, when you look at the sort of words used to describe diseases, you tend to find these words: rotting, foul, putrid or pungent. So it's no surprise then, that smell and body odour gets a bit of a bad reputation. If I was to say to you: 'You smell', you're going to take that not exactly as a compliment, are you? But you do smell, you've just found that out, you do smell. It's a scientific fact. I'd quite like to turn that on its head. What if we could actually think about smell in a positive way? What if we could put it to good use? What if we could detect the chemicals that are given off by our bodies when we're ill and use that to diagnose people? Now, we'd need to develop good sensors that would allow us to do this. But it turns out that the world's best sensors actually already exist. And they're called 'animals'. Now, animals are built to smell. They live their everyday lives according to their nose. They sense the environments, which tells them really important information about how to stay alive, essentially. Just imagine a mosquito. Imagine you're a mosquito, and you've just flown in from outside and you've entered this room. You're going to be entering a really complex world. You're going to be bombarded with smells from everywhere. We've just found out that we're really smelly beasts. Each one of us is producing 500-600 different volatile chemicals. It's not just one chemical like BO, lots and lots of chemicals. But it's not just you, it's these seats you're sitting on, the carpet, the glue that holds the carpet to the floor, the paint on the walls, the trees outside, everything around you is producing an odour, and it's a really complex world that the mosquito has to fly through, and it has to find you within that really complex world. And each and every one of you will know - C'mon, hands up, who always get bitten by mosquitoes? And hands up, who never get bitten? There's always one or two really annoying people that never get bitten. But the mosquito has a really hard job to find you, and that's all to do with the way you smell. People who don't attract mosquitoes smell repellent, and what we know is - (Laughter) I should clarify: repellent to mosquitoes, not to people. And what we know now is  that is actually controlled by our genes. But mosquitoes are able to do that because they have a highly sophisticated sense of smell, and they're able to see through all this sort of odour sludge to find you, that individual, and bite you as a blood meal. But what would happen if one of you was infected with malaria? Well, let's just have a quick look at the malaria life cycle. So it's quite complex, but basically what happens is: a mosquito has to bite somebody to become infected. Once it bites an infected person, the parasites travel through the mouth part into the gut, and then bursts through the gut, creates cysts, and then the parasites replicate, and then they make a journey from the gut all the way to the salivary glands, where they are then injected back into another person when the mosquito bites because it injects saliva as it bites. Then inside the human it goes through a whole other cycle, a whole other part of the life cycle. So it goes through a liver stage, changes shape and then comes out into the bloodstream again, and eventually that person will become infectious. Now, one thing we know about the parasite world is that they are incredibly good at manipulating their hosts to enhance their own transmission, to make sure that they get passed onwards. If this was to happen in the malaria system, it might make sense that it would be something to do with odour that they manipulate because odour is the key, odour's the thing that links us between mosquitoes; that's how they find us. This is what we call the malaria manipulation hypothesis, and it's something that we've been working on over the last few years. So one of the first things that we wanted to do in our study was to find out whether an infection with malaria actually makes you more attractive to mosquitoes or not. So in Kenya with our colleagues, we designed an experiment where we had participants, children in Kenya, sleep inside tents. The odour from the tent was blown into a chamber which contained mosquitoes. And the mosquitoes would behaviourally respond - they would fly towards or fly away from the odours depending on whether they liked them or not. Now, some of the participants were infected with malaria and some of them were uninfected. But importantly, none of the children had any symptoms whatsoever. Now, when we found and saw the results, it was really quite staggering. People who were infected with malaria were significantly more attractive than people who were uninfected. Let me explain this graph. We have a number of mosquitoes attracted to the child, and we have two sets of data: before treatment and after treatment. On the far left hand side, that bar represents somebody - or a group of people who are uninfected. And as we move towards the right hand side these people have become infected, and they're moving towards the stage that they're infectious. So right at the stage when people are infectious is when they are significantly more attractive. In this study then what we did is we obviously gave the children treatment to clear the parasites, and then we tested them again. And what we found was that highly attractive trait that was there disappeared after they had cleared the infection, so it wasn't just that the people were more attractive, it was that the parasite was manipulating its host in some way to make it more attractive to mosquitoes, standing out like a beacon to attract more mosquitoes so that it could continue its life cycle. The next thing we wanted to do was find out what it was the mosquito was actually smelling. What was it detecting? So to do that we had to collect the body odour from the participants. And we did this by wrapping bags around their feet, which allowed us to collect the volatile odours from their feet. And feet's really important to mosquitoes. They really love the smell of feet. (Laughter) Especially cheesy feet. Anybody got cheesy feet out there? Mosquitoes love that smell. So we focused on the feet and we collected the body odour. Now, when it comes to mosquitoes and olfaction, their sense of smell, it's very complex. It would be really nice if there was just one chemical that they detected, but it's not that simple. They have to detect a number of chemicals in the right concentration, the right ratios, the right combinations of chemicals. So you can sort of think about it like a musical composition. So, you know, if you get the note wrong or you play it too loud or too soft, it doesn't sound right. Or a recipe, if you get an ingredient wrong, or you cook it too long or too little, it doesn't taste right. Well, smell is the same, it's made up of a suite of chemicals in the right combination. Now, our machines in the lab are not particularly good at picking out this sort of signal; it's quite complex. But animals can. And what we do in my laboratory is we connect microelectrodes to the antenna of a mosquito - imagine how fiddly that is. (Laughter) But what we also do is connect them to individual cells within the antenna, which is incredible. You definitely don't want to sneeze when you're doing this experiment, that's for sure. But what this does is it allows us to measure the electrical response of the smell receptors in the antennae, and so that we can see what a mosquito is smelling. I'm going to show you what this looks like: here's an insect's cell, and it's responding; it will respond in a second when I press this button. You'll see it sort of ticking over with this response. An odour will be blown over the cell, and it will sort of go a bit crazy, sort of blow a raspberry. Then it will go back to its resting potential when we stop the odour. (Clicking) Okay, there we go. So you can go home now and say that you've now seen an insect smelling and even hearing an insect smelling. It's a weird concept, isn't it? But this works really well, and this allows us to see what the insect is detecting. Now, using this method with our malaria samples, we were able to find out what the mosquito was detecting. And we found the malaria associated compounds were a group of compounds, mainly aldehydes, a group of compounds that smelled, that signified the malaria at signal here. So now we know what the smell of malaria is, and we've used the mosquito as a bio-sensor to tell us what the smell of malaria actually is. Now, I'd like to imagine that you could, I don't know, put a harness on a little mosquito and, you know, put it on a lead and take it out and see if we can sniff people in a community - that goes on in my head - and see whether we could actually find people with malaria. But, of course, that's not really possible. But there is an animal that we can do that with. Awww. (Laughter) Yes. Now, dogs have an incredible sense of smell, but there's something a little bit more special about them, they have an ability to learn. And most of you will be familiar with this concept at airports, where dogs will go down a line and sniff out your luggage or yourself for drugs and explosives or even food as well. So we wanted to know: Could we actually train dogs to learn the smell of malaria? And so we've been working with a charity called Medical Detection Dogs to see whether we can train them to learn the smell of malaria. And we went out to the Gambia and did some more odour collection on children that were infected and uninfected. But this time we collected their odour by making them wear socks, nylon stockings to collect their body odour, and we brought them back to the UK, and then we handed them to this charity to run the experiment. Now, I could show you a graph and tell you about how that experiment works, but it'd be a bit dull, wouldn't it? Now, they do say never work with children or animals live. But we're going to break that rule today. So, please welcome onto the stage, Freya (Applause) and her trainer, (Applause) Mark, and Sarah. Of course this is the real star of the show. Okay so, now what I'm going to ask is if you can all just be a little bit quiet, don't move around too much. This is a very strange environment for Freya. She's having a good look at you guys now. So let's stay as calm as possible; that would be great. So what we're going to do here is we're going to ask Freya to move down this line of contraptions here. And in each one of these contraptions we have a pot. In the pot is a sock that's been worn by a child in The Gambia. Now, three of the socks had been worn by children who were uninfected, and just one of the socks was worn by a child who was infected with malaria. So just as you'd see an airport, imagine these were people, and the dog is going to go down and have a good sniff. And let's see if you can see when she senses the malaria. And if she senses it in there. This is a really tough test for her in this very strange environment. So I'm going to hand over now to Mark. (Laughter) Number three. Okay, there we go. (Applause) I didn't know which pot that was in. Mark didn't know which pot that was in. This was a blind test, genuinely. Sarah, was that correct? That was correct. Well done, Freya! That is fantastic. (Applause) Whew! That is really wonderful. Okay, that's brilliant. Now what we're going to do is Sarah's going to change the pots around a little bit; she's going to take the one with malaria away. And we're just going to have four pots that are containing socks from children that had no malaria. So in theory, Freya should go down the line and not stop at all. This is really important because we also need to know people who are not infected; she needs to be able to do that correctly as well. This is a really tough test. These socks have been in the freezer for a couple of years now. And this is a tiny bit of a sock as well, so imagine if this was a whole person and they were giving off a big signal. So this is really quite incredible. Okay, over to you, Mark. Brilliant! Fantastic! (Applause) Really super! Thank you so much, guys. Big round of applause for Freya, Mark and Sarah! Well done, guys. (Applause) What a good girl. She's going to get a treat later. Fantastic. So, you've just seen that for your own eyes. That was a real live demonstration. I was quite nervous about it. I'm so glad that it worked. (Laughter) But it is really incredible, and when we do this, what we find is that these dogs can correctly tell us when somebody's infected with malaria 81% of the time. It's incredible! 92% of the time, they can tell us correctly when somebody does not have an infection. And those numbers are actually above the criteria set by the World Health Organization for a diagnostic. So we really are looking at deploying dogs in countries, and particularly at ports of entry, to detect people who have malaria. This could be a reality. But we can't deploy dogs everywhere. So what we're also looking to do and working on at the moment is the development of technology, wearable tech that would empower the individual to allow them to self-diagnose. Imagine a patch that you wear on the skin that would detect in your sweat when you're infected with malaria and change colour. Or something a little bit more technical perhaps, a smartwatch that would alert you when you're infected with malaria. And if we can do this digitally, and we can collect data, imagine the amount of data that we can collect on a global scale. This could completely revolutionise the way that we track the spread of diseases, the way that we target our control efforts and respond to disease outbreaks, ultimately helping to lead to the eradication of malaria, and even beyond malaria for other diseases that we already know have a smell. If we can harness the power of nature to find out what those smells are, we could do this and make this a reality. Now, as scientists, we're tasked with coming up with new ideas, new concepts, new technologies, to tackle some of the world's greatest problems. But what never ceases to amaze me is that often, nature has already done this for us. And the answer is right under our nose. Thank you. (Applause) (Cheers)

A 13-year-old's plan for removing plastic from the oceans
I have a question for you. Anybody in the audience who doesn't have a plastic ID? Anybody? Well, think about it. Plastic is everywhere. The buttons on your shirt, your mobile cover, the water from the plastic bottle you just had, plastic money in the wallet, maybe. It is interesting how plastic has become an integral part of our lives and how we cannot go one single day without it. Do you know what that makes me think? How my generation is inheriting not just this legacy but also the problem that comes with it: the problem of what we throw in our oceans. Hello, everybody. My name is Haaziq Kazi. I am 12 years old, and I alone have a plastic debt of roughly 66 tons and counting. So, in case you are wondering, What is plastic debt? It is the amount of non-cycled plastic which we humans leave behind on this planet. How many Indians in the house today? Raise your hands, please. According to a study, for every person in India, six tons of plastic is not recycled annually. Any Americans here? Your figures are even more astounding. Ninety tons per person of plastic which is not recycled, annually. Imagine, in a lifetime, how much plastic is left behind because of us. When we die, our bodies go back to Mother Earth, but the plastic debt is left behind  as a legacy for the coming generations. Did you know that by 2050, we will have as much, or maybe more, plastic in the ocean than fish? Speaking of which, every time I see people eating fish, I wonder, "Are they eating fish or plastic?" Because the plastic we dispose that ends up in the ocean might have been consumed by the same fish which gets on our plate - talk about the vicious karmic cycle. The magnitude of the problem inspired me to do something about this. Hence, I came up with an idea of an invention that could help make the oceans a cleaner place: an ocean cleaner called ERVIS. ERVIS is an intelligent ship which sucks waste from the ocean surface and cleans it. It all started two years back. I saw some documentaries and a TED Talk of Boyan Slat about how he wanted to clean the oceans. A few days later, as I came home  from playing football, my mom asked me to wash my hands, and as I went to the sink  to get the dirt off, I observed a whirlpool of water going down the drain. An idea came to my mind, and I smiled. I drew and created a rough model, a circular ship with saucers attached, a very futuristic design, much like the USS Enterprise from Star Trek. Come on, we all love the series. Right? This was just the first draft. The propellers weren't automated, and it only lasted seven seconds in water before coming apart. But there it was: my ERVIS, my vision of changing the oceans. While guzzling down innumerable cups of hot chocolate - you know, I'm still a kid, no coffee for me - I did some exhaustive research to achieve my vision of ERVIS, which is: first, to clean the current waste floating in the ocean; second, to analyze the data from the waste which we collect; and third, to stop it at source, which is getting disposed by the ships. I also realized that a circular shape was not very efficient and that I had to redesign my ship to be more hydrodynamic. So I worked with scientists and engineers to create a more bleeding edge model. So here's how it works. The ship is essentially a large boat powered by solar and renewable natural gas, with various compartments, and saucers surrounding it. The saucers float on the surface, gravitate to create a whirlpool to pull the waste towards its center, which is then sent through a tube to various chambers in the ship. The chambers include an oil chamber, which collects waste oil. The next four chambers are for large, medium, small, and micro-waste, respectively. Just imagine ERVIS to be a gigantic vacuum cleaner with many cleaning tubes attached to many dust bags. Once the waste enters the chambers, ERVIS analyzes, segregates, and compacts it, and pumps the filtered water back into the oceans, all without harming marine life in the process. ERVIS, the ship, is my contribution in making the Earth a better place. (Applause) And I hope, in some way, it can inspire you to find your idea which can bring a positive change in the world. Thank you. (Applause) (Cheers)

Why we need more dogs in hospitals
(Directing Bailey in English) Hello, everyone. My name is Yuko Morita. This is a facility dog, Bailey. When you were a kid, were you afraid of getting shots? When you were getting  a flu shot at school, you probably asked your friends, 'Did it hurt? Did it hurt?' As you know, kids are  very afraid of injections or having their blood drawn. Hospitalised children have to have  their blood drawn so many times. Some kids need bone-marrow aspirations by drilling a thick needle  into their spine. This dog, Bailey has the magical power  to make these kids say: 'If Bailey is with me, I would put up with it 100 more times'. He is such a competent dog. The Japanese medical level  is said to be top-notch, for curing diseases. But in Japan, while 'to be patient'  has been considered a virtue, it is said that the quality  of hospitalised life is poorly supported. I used to work as a registered nurse  at a children's hospital in Tokyo. One day a mother  of a hospitalised kid said, 'This is almost like being in jail'. I was thinking that I was working  very hard for the children, and I was very shocked to hear that. In fact, kids in the hospital are not  supposed to go out even for a walk. They are not allowed  to have their favourite foods. They barely have fun. Some kids stop smiling. When I think back about it, it might as well be called a jail. At that time, I was with an NPO called 'Shine On! Kids' and they offered to let me  become a handler of a service dog. The Non-Profit Organisation was founded  to emotionally support kids and their families who are suffering  from childhood cancer and other incurable diseases. At that time, I only knew that  a dog is taken to a children's hospital and the dog works as a member  of the medical staff -- there were a number of facility dogs  working in Europe and the US, yet obiously none in Japan; that was all I knew about facility dogs. I thought 'If a service dog  were working in this ward, the children's hospital life, once called a jail, would be way happier', and I was excited to think so. Without hesitation I said, 'Yes, I would love to'. There is no training institutions  for facility dog program in Japan. Both Bailey and I were trained  at a Hawaiian training centre. In a children's hospital in Hawaii, we also practiced following around  our senior facility dog and their handler. To my surprise, the service dog  went into the ICU. The intensive-care unit is where  seriously ill patients are taken care of. There was a child who had just gotten out  of surgery with their head half-shaven, and a large scar on their head. The kid was frowing painfully. To my great concern, 'Is it really OK  to go there in such a serious situation?' the facility dog went in there, and climbed on the bed  right beside the kid laying with the tubes around them, and went to sleep alongside the kid. Then the kid grew relaxed. In spite of all the pain of moving, the kid hugged the dog  and closed their eyes. The kid looked so calm and easy. At the sight of it, I thought ’WOW, that's cool!’ Being excited about making  all the hospital wards full of smiles, I came back to Japan with Bailey. However, facility dogs are totally  unprecedented in Japan. The Western mindset for dogs  is totally different from that of Japan. In Europe and the US, it's been  quite normal to have dogs in the house as family members. On the other hand, in Japan, we have a history of having them outside. It is outrageous to have a dog  inside the hospital ward: that was what Japanese hospitals thought. Before us, sometimes there were dogs  volunteered to visit hospitals in Japan. But there was not a precedent of having a dog in hospital everyday, and considering dogs as a medical staff. What was right in Hawaii  was far from right in Japan. We desperately looked for a hospital  that could accept Bailey as a staff. Then eventually we were accepted  by the Shizuoka Children's Hospital. But the reality was that people said; 'Can't the dog be replaced  with a dog robot?' or 'To protect kids against infections, do not enter this ward'. At first we could enter only one ward. So one-day of rounds was finished  in a few minutes. We got to the workplace and an hour later, it was time to go home. 'I don't think Japanese culture  is going to make people want to adopt a facility dog programme', I could only think in a negative way. But in fact, children needed Bailey. Five years have passed, and now we are accepted  by almost all wards. Bailey brings about positive differences  to both kids and their families', -- that was what doctors and nurses  started to notice. There was a child  who was visually impaired and was always screaming in panic  when they had their blood collected. But with Bailey by their side, they were  distracted by petting Bailey on the head, the kid could go through blood tests  without crying. Another kid who wouldn’t move at all  due to pain after surgery suddenly got up  just because they wanted to see Bailey. That was a big surprise to the doctor. A family, who are suddenly told  that their child has cancer, will pretend as if nothing happening  to prevent their kid from being nervous. But people cannot suppress  their feelings for good. Sometimes it is important to cry. With somebody who is human, they would feel a need  'to say something'. But to Bailey, they never have to  say anything if they do not want to. I saw a mother in a hospital corridor, after hugging Bailey, crying as she wanted and with a relaxed expression, she went back to her kid's bed. Bailey was a positive influence  for their families, too. Then I found there are  three important bonds for a facility dog. One is a bond between Bailey and the kids, another is Bailey and his handler, and the other is  Bailey and the medical staff. These are three important bonds  with Bailey. The first bond is: as Bailey works  at the same hospital everyday, he sees the same children many times. For children, just having a dog  is not good enough. Bailey, who comes to them everyday, really matters. Only with Bailey  who has bonds with the kids, can they be courageous enough  to hang in there. Even with a dog phobia, almost all kids  will come to like Bailey eventually. For kids, Bailey is a teammate with a tail who fight against their illness. Bailey can even enter  the surgical theatre with a child. Even an adult is scared  of getting an operation, right? Wondering 'Does it hurt?', or feeling scared, they have to spend the terrifying time  from the ward to the theatre. But holding Bailey's leash, walking with him, children can guide Bailey  smiling and walking to the theatre. It is a privilege walk with everyone's  favourite Bailey, without anyone else! Some kids walk playfully  around Bailey's fluffy tail as if they are cats. Some kids say smiling, 'Bailey's  wagging his tail means Good Luck'. In this way, scary feelings  turn to exciting feelings; which encourages kids  to go to the theatre. The second bond is: between a facility dog and their hander, who live together twenty-four seven. We always spend holidays together too. This is very important; just getting together while working and saying 'Bye-Bye' after five  doesn't make any sense. We sleep at night and Bailey sleeps  with his head on my arm. The bond between a facility dog  and their handler is the basis on which a facility dog  works professionally. Only the bond with me can convince Bailey  to trust me to work together. But the truth is; you may think that a training dog  will do anything I say, Bailey is a stubborn guy  who goes only where he wants. To a direction he doesn't to want to go, he does like this. Can you see he is hanging on  with all his might? Planting his feet firmly on the ground, digging his nails into it, he never goes where he doesn't want to. While walking on the street, I sometimes struggle  with Bailey sitting there. People passing by always say laughing, 'That's troublesome'. But he has never refused  to go to the hospital. On the contrary, he sometimes  refuses to go home, squatting there, going back into the hospital ward. Dogs easily understand  what people are thinking about them. Because there are many people  who love him, Bailey loves the hospital very much. Both a dog and people  are mutually affected; that is where the facility dog belongs. This is why non-sentient toy dogs  cannot make this happen. A robot dog can not make this happen. The third bond is  between Bailey and the medical staff. The handler of a facility dog  is a medical staff. The reason why only medical staff  can be a handler of a facility dog is: that a facility dog's work includes  not only healing mentally, but also curing physically. Bailey and I sometimes take a part  in the conversations where treatment courses  of patients are decided. I also figure out  how our patient kids are and work out  how to approach this patient. I also write on the medical charts. In this way, to be involved  with specific purpose is what only facility dogs are capable of, and why a handler of a facility dog  must be certified medical staff. It has been five years since Bailey and I  started working in Japan. We have met thousands of children. We once met a kid  in the terminal phase of disease and the kid could not eat. He wanted to but he couldn't eat; that was his situation. Given a short span of time, both his family and nurses wished that he could enjoy  whatever little amount of food he could. Then there was a suggestion made  Bailey attended at his dinner table. With Bailey, the kid  was happy to sit up smiling. Saying, 'Bailey, look at me', though it was only a few mouthful, but he could managed to grab spaghetti into his mouth. He could also enjoy ice cream, not being forced to do so, but willingly to do so. Only the presence of Bailey bedside  could make that level of change. The bad impression of a hospital  changed so much as to make children say, 'I want to be hospitalised  to see Bailey'. With Bailey, kids can double their fun. With Bailey, kids can share tears and fears. Most children are discharged  from hospital safe and sound. But sadly, some kids have to  leave this world forever, and Bailey sometimes sleeps with them  till just before their last moments. We say 'You know, Bailey's with you', 'It's warm, isn't?' to kids. The time goes on sadly  but warmly. We sometimes attend a funeral  for children. When parents have to close the lid  of their own child's coffin, can you imagine how they feel? In fact every family says 'We were really happy  to have Bailey with us'. They always say that. 'Before Bailey, the hospital stay  had been just so heart-wrenching'. 'With Bailey our kid's life  changed so much'. These are what bereaved families  said to us. A family who lost their child  will reflect on their child everyday, through their long span of life. Remembering their child  as 'a poor soul who went through so many painful operations; or remembering their child as 'a laughing kid sleeping  with Bailey just before death; their feelings are completely different, aren't they? We wish to make  a small portion of happiness in their heartbreaking memory. We wish the bereaved family remember  as many smiles of their kid as possible. The Facility Dog Programme  is not an option, but necessity for hospital care, that's what I strongly feel about it. Japan's medical care is said to be  the highest in the world. Not just curing disease, but also having an environment for healing disease more proactively  is necessary, I think. For patients, they can't have too much fun. There are a lot of facility dogs  in Europe and the US, but in Japan we have only two. I would like to have facility dogs  as a standard in Japanese hospitals and make Japanese hospitals  a fun place to be in, even for patients  who have medical conditions. So many children who passed away  are watching for us from heaven. For those kids, I would like to  make the Japanese medical front a place where I can be proud to say, 'Hey, it's a good hospital, isn't it?' (Applause)

Why we should end animal agriculture
Before we dive in, I want to ask a couple of questions. First, how many of you are vegetarian or vegan? Okay, a few - around maybe 5%. If we asked all US adults, it would be around 5, maybe 10%. Now, how many of you have seen at least one of the following: a video of animal cruelty on factory farms, a documentary or news report on the environmental harms of animal agriculture, or a scientific article on the public health issues such as the overuse of antibiotics in animal feed? How many? Okay, almost everyone. Probably over 95%. Now, when I see that jump from 5%, I worry that I've made a huge mistake. Full disclosure, I'm a vegan. (Laughter) I'm even a preachy vegan, who tells everyone I meet about the problems of animal farming because I really do think it's one of the most important issues of our time. But my mistake, and the mistake of other food advocates, has been trying to fix these issues solely by telling you personally to go vegan, vegetarian, or to reduce your meat consumption. We need a bigger, better solution for our broken food system. And you might wonder if our country has at least switched from factory farming to more humane practices. I grew up in rural Texas. I spent a lot of time around farmed animals lounging on green pastures. Back then, I thought all farmed animals lived that way. Unfortunately, according to USDA data, over 99% of farmed animals live on factory farms. The situation is dire. There are over 100 billion animals in the global food system. Many of them are confined in tiny cages, barely larger than their own bodies. Their beaks and tails are cut off without anesthetic. They suffer, day and night, from infectious diseases and intense artificial selection that has them growing so much meat that they collapse under their own weight. Animal farming pollutes our land and water, endangering the health and economies of rural Americans. It's responsible for more greenhouse gas emissions than all planes, cars, trains and other transportation combined. Eighty percent of all US antibiotics are fed to farmed animals, leading to dangerous, incurable human diseases. Finally, animal farming is just incredibly expensive. It receives $38 billion in subsidies every year from the US government, and it sucks up massive amounts of natural resources that should be going to help people in need. I think we can all agree that this is an urgent social issue that we desperately need to fix. And by "we," I don't just mean vegetarians. I mean everyone who cares about these problems. Finding a solution to this seemingly intractable issue is also a fascinating intellectual problem, one we can tackle with the tools of Effective Altruism ... their growing mindset in charity, business and politics of using evidence-based research to find and implement the most effective solutions to the world's biggest problems. The most powerful tool we have is innovation. The amazing thing is that we don't have to give up meat, dairy, or eggs to end animal farming. Think about it: what's meat? It's fat, protein, water and trace minerals. All these ingredients are readily available in the plant kingdom. They're just not assembled in the architecture of meat. That's what a cow does. But a cow also does a lot of stuff we don't need. She grows hair, teeth, bones. She walks around; she breathes, thinks, and feels. These extra processes mean that for every 10 calories of plant-based food we feed a farmed animal, we get around 1 calorie of meat in return. Even with the nutrient animal products are most known for, protein, for every 10 grams of plant-based, we get, at most, 2 grams of animal-based. So what if we assembled these ingredients ourselves with a more efficient, ethical process? That's the approach of companies like Beyond Meat, Hungry Planet, and Impossible Foods. They've already succeeded in making a beef burger made from plants. Many consumers can't even tell the difference. Today, they're just perfecting that product and scaling up the process to lower costs and widen distribution. In fact, the Beyond Burger pictured here is already available in Mississippi. But let's be cautious. What if consumers are really picky? What if they don't just want something that tastes like animal meat, but something that is actually made from animal cells? Well, there's good news. Scientists and chefs have been working on so-called clean meat, real meat made without the food safety and ethical cost of animal slaughter. To do this, they take a small sample of cells from a living animal and place those cells in a cultivator, which looks like one of the big tanks at a beer brewery. Inside, the cells mix with the nutrients they need to grow in the same process that happens inside an animal's body, and voila! You can have your cow and eat beef too. (Laughter) But you might be thinking, "Not all beneficial technologies are widely adopted, right? So what if something goes wrong? What if the technology is fully developed, but perceived as just another food for vegetarians? Or what if an irresponsible company lets their product get contaminated, leading to a cascade of negative press that cripples the industry?" With conventional meat, we see contamination scandals all the time, but for a young industry like clean meat, it could be fatal. It's like self-driving cars, where the industry needs to be especially careful about collisions, despite having an overall better safety record. So what social change will we see on our way to an animal-free food system? The biggest one is a shift beyond the individual and towards institutional change. Like I said earlier, advocates have thus far focused heavily on one-by-one diet change, but I believe we'll see the biggest changes happen with changes to institutions like businesses, government, nonprofits and society as a whole. There's a lot of evidence that this strategy is more effective. Last year, I was at a protest, calling for a restaurant chain to reform its animal-welfare policies, just basic stuff, like choosing healthier breeds of chickens, or having windows in the chicken sheds. A pedestrian walked up and thanked me profusely for helping these poor animals. I told him he was welcome to join us, as bystanders sometimes do, and he said, "Oh no, no, no. I can't. I'm not a vegetarian." I insisted that he was welcome to join us without being vegetarian. We were just calling for better treatment for these animals. But he was unconvinced. He saw vegetarianism as a prerequisite to helping farmed animals because advocates have conflated the two for so long. If we had, instead, used an institutional framing, that bystander might have joined us and maybe become vegetarian along the way. This strategy also helps people avoid what psychologists call "the collapse of compassion," the feeling of apathy that comes when we encounter a big problem without clearly seeing the big solution. The institutional framing puts that solution, changing society as a whole, front and center in our messaging. This strategy is also well-evidenced by historical social movements, which is what I spend most of my time researching. Virtually no movements - from environmentalism, children's rights, antislavery, feminism to antiwar movements - have succeeded with the heavy, individual focus that we see in the farmed-animal movement. Consumer advocacy like boycotts have succeeded when used as tools for institutional change, but failed when treated as an end goal. We need to learn from the past. The second big change is a shift beyond opposition to factory farming alone and towards opposition to animal farming as whole. There's a lot of evidence for this strategy too. First, numerous investigations have shown that so-called humane farms are rarely humane in practice. The most picturesque farm I've ever been on was an award-winning California egg farm. But because of the farm's natural and organic policies, they didn't vaccinate the birds or give them antibiotics, like factory farms do. This led to atrocious health. I saw many cases of Marek's, a highly contagious disease that often leads to blindness and missing eyes; fluid belly, some birds with over a pound of fluid buildup inside their less than five-pound bodies; fungal infections; lice on almost all of them; and many birds crippled by eggs that had gotten stuck inside them on the way out. I've been dismayed that the reality of these farms is nearly as bad as factory farming. While reduction in suffering is something we should applaud, and it can be a step towards abolition, the unmitigated suffering is still a moral catastrophe. Second, simply the idea that there are humane ways to raise and kill animals for food is a huge roadblock, even if you just oppose factory farming. Seventy-five percent of people think they usually eat meat from animals who were treated humanely, but as we saw earlier, less than 1% of farmed animals actually live on non-factory farms. That's crazy, right? Why are consumers so confused? Well, when we eat animals, there's a cognitive dissonance that claws at us because deep down, we care about animals too. What seems to happen is that our subconscious protects us from this dissonance by creating a psychological refuge. It tells us that, actually, everything is okay, that farmed animals are treated well, even when the facts point in the opposite direction. This mistaken belief protects us from the conflict between our values and our behavior. And the misleading labels on animal products, like pictures of green pastures on cartons of factory farm eggs, exacerbate this issue. Finally, these farms are just too expensive to feed this hungry planet. So-called humane animal products are already several times the normal price. Many of us just can't afford that. And the demand on natural resources is just too much for this planet to bear, especially when we can get the same foods from more sustainable sources. Fortunately, the future is bright. Today, we're at an inflection point, where the moral reasons to change our food system are very compelling. Technology is on its way and excellent alternatives are already here, and advocates are wising up to more impactful strategies. It's incredibly empowering to have this wealth of evidence available, from history, psychology and elsewhere, to analyze using the effective altruism perspective. Ultimately, that evidence suggests that we can achieve a truly humane food system if we strive towards the end of animal farming. And public opinion is already a lot further along on this than you might think. Forty-seven percent of US adults already say they support a ban on slaughter houses. As we transition, as we align our food system with our values, we're going to see a sweeping change in the relationship between humans and the other inhabitants of this planet. Once we're no longer eating animals three times a day, we'll see a huge relief in cognitive dissonance that frees our conscience to expand our moral circle to not just farmed animals, but other populations like dogs and cats in shelters, animals used in circuses and entertainment, and the vast number of wild animals who also need our help. Today, we're laying the foundation for future social movements just as social movements of the past laid the bedrock we now stand on. Richard Branson predicted that the food system will be animal-free in just 30 years. It might take a little longer than that, but it's clear that huge change is coming. You can stand on the right side of history and play a role in this exciting movement, whether it's by starting a business like a local restaurant or a clean-meat company, becoming an activist, making a donation, or simply sharing content on social media. You can, of course, also participate as a conscious consumer, but keep in mind that your own diet choice is just one of many ways to have an impact. This is a time of unbridled excitement and opportunity, as we look ahead at one of the next great social movements. Humanity's moral circle will continue to expand, but only if people like you and me take hold. Thank you. (Applause)

What it takes to create social change against all odds
Over the decades, my colleagues and I have exposed terrible misdeeds and crimes by large corporations, which have taken many lives and caused injuries and diseases, on top of damaging economic costs, affecting many incidents. But exposure was not enough. We had to secure congressional mandates to prevent such devastation. As a result, many lives were saved and many traumas prevented, especially in the areas of automobile, pharmaceutical, environmental and workplace health and safety. Along the way, we kept getting one question again and again: "Ralph, how do you do all this? Your groups are small, your funds are modest and you don't make campaign contributions to politicians." My response points to an overlooked, amazing pattern of American history. Just about every advance in justice, every blessing of democracy, came from the efforts of small numbers of individual citizens. They knew what they were talking about. They expanded public opinion, or what Abraham Lincoln called "the all-important public sentiment." The few citizens who started these movements enlisted larger numbers along the way to achieving these reforms and redirections. However, even at their peak, the actively engaged people never exceeded one percent of the citizenry, often far less. These builders of democracy and justice came out of the antislavery drives, the pressures for women's right to vote. They rose from farmers and workers in industrial sectors demanding regulation of banks, railroads and manufacturers and fair labor standards. In the 20th century, improvements of life came with tiny third parties and their allies pushing the major parties in the electoral arena to adopt such measures, such as the right to form labor unions, the 40-hour week, progressive taxation, the minimum wage, unemployment compensation and social security. More recently came Medicare and civil rights, civil liberties, nuclear arms treaties, consumer and environmental triumphs -- all sparked by citizen advocates and small third parties who never won a national election. If you're willing to lose persistently, your causes can become winners in time. (Laughter) The story of how I came to these civic activities may be instructive for people who go along with Senator Daniel Webster's belief, "Justice, sir, is the great interest of man on earth." I grew up in a small, highly industrialized town in Connecticut with three siblings and parents who owned a popular restaurant, bakery and delicatessen. Two waterways, the Mad River and the Still River, crossed alongside our main street. As a child, I asked why couldn't we wade and fish in them, like the rivers we read about in our schoolbooks. The answer: the factories freely use these rivers to dump harmful toxic chemicals and other pollutants. In fact, the companies took control of rivers that belonged to all of us for their own profitable pursuits. Later, I realized the rivers were not part of our normal lives at all, except when they flooded our streets. There were no water pollution regulations to speak of then. I realized only strong laws could clean up our waterways. My youthful observation of our town's two river-sewers started a straight line to my eighth-grade graduation speech about the great conservationist, national park advocate John Muir, then to my studies at Princeton on the origins of public sanitation, and then to Rachel Carson's "Silent Spring." These engagements prepared me for seizing the golden hour of environmental lawmaking in the early 1970s. I played a leading citizen role in lobbying through Congress the Clean Air Act; the clean water laws, EPA; workplace safety standards, OSHA; and the Safe Drinking Water Act. If there's less lead in your body, no more asbestos in your lungs and cleaner air and water, it's because of those laws over the years. Today, enforcement of these lifesaving laws under Trump is being dismantled wholesale. Rolling back these perils is the immediate challenge to a resurgent environmental movement for the young generation. As for consumer advocates, there are no permanent victories. Passing a law is only the first step. The next step, and the next step, is defending the law. For me, some of these battles were highly personal. I lost friends in high school and college to highway collisions, the first leading cause of death in that age group. Then, the blame was put on the driver, derisively called "the nut behind the wheel." True, drunk drivers had responsibility, but safer-designed vehicles and highways could prevent crashes and diminish their severity when they occurred. There were no seat belts, padded dash panels, no airbags or other crash-worthy protections to diminish the severity of collisions. The brakes, tires and handling stability of US vehicles left much to be desired, even in comparison with foreign manufacturers. I liked to hitchhike, including back and forth from Princeton and Harvard Law School. Sometimes, a driver and I came upon ghastly crash scenes. The horrors made a deep impression on me. They sparked my writing a paper at law school on unsafe automotive design and the need for motor vehicle safety laws. One of my closest friends at law school, Fred Condon, was driving home one day from work to his young family in New Hampshire and momentarily drowsed behind the wheel of his station wagon. The vehicle went to the shoulder of the road and tipped over. There were no seat belts in 1961. Fred became a paraplegic. Such preventable violence created fire in my belly. The auto industry was cruelly refusing to install long-known lifesaving safety features and pollution controls. Instead, the industry focused on advertising the annual style changes and excessive horsepower. I was outraged. The more I investigated the suppression of auto safety devices, publicized evidence from court cases about the auto companies negligently harming vehicle occupants -- especially the instability of a GM vehicle called the Corvair -- the more General Motors was keen on discrediting my writings and testimony. They hired private detectives to follow me in order to get dirt. After the publication of my book, "Unsafe at Any Speed," GM wanted to undermine my forthcoming testimony before a Senate subcommittee in 1966. The Capitol Police caught them. The media was all over the struggle in Congress between me and giant General Motors. With remarkable speed compared to today, in 1966, Congress and President Johnson brought the largest industry in America under federal regulation for safety, pollution control and fuel efficiency. By the year 2015, three and a half million deaths were averted just in the US, millions more injuries prevented, billions of dollars saved. What did it take for a victory against such overwhelming odds? Well, there were: one, a few advocates who knew how to communicate the evidence everywhere; two, several key receptive congressional committee chairs led by three senators; three, about seven reporters from major newspapers who regularly reported on the unfolding story; four, President Lyndon Johnson, with assistance, amenable to creating a regulatory safety agency, NHTSA; and five, a dozen auto engineers, inspectors and physicians who divulged crucial information, and who need to be better known. One more factor was critical: informed public opinion. A majority of people learned about how much safer their cars could be. They wanted their vehicles to be fuel-efficient. They wanted to breathe cleaner air. The result: in September 1966, President Lyndon Johnson signed the safety legislation in the White House with me by his side, receiving a pen! (Laughter) Between 1966 and 1976, those six critically connected factors were used over and over. It became the golden age of legislation and regulatory action for consumer, worker and environmental protection. Those connected elements of our past campaigns need to be kept in mind by people striving to do the same today for drinking water safety, antibiotic resistance deaths, criminal justice reform, risks from climate disruption, bio- and nanotech impacts, the nuclear arms race, peace treaties, dangers to children, chemical and radioactive perils, and the like. According to a solid study in 2016 by Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, preventable hospital deaths take a mind-boggling 5,000 lives a week in America. The 1980s climax: our dramatic struggle to limit smoking in public places, regulate the tobacco industry and establish conditions for reducing smoking. Their struggle began in earnest in 1964, with the US Surgeon General's famous report linking cigarette smoking to cancer and other diseases. Over 400,000 deaths a year in the United States are related to smoking. Public hearings, litigation, media exposés and industry whistleblowers joined with crucial medical scientists to take on a very powerful industry. I asked Michael Pertschuk, a leading Senate staffer, how many full-time advocates were working on tobacco industry control at that time. Mr. Pertschuk estimated no more than 1,000 full-time champions in the US pressing for a smoke-free society. I say that's a remarkably small number of people making it happen. They had a public opinion majority of aroused people, nonsmokers, behind them. Many smokers were quitting the nicotine addiction. Just think: from 45 percent of adults down to 15 percent by 2018. The tipping point was when Congress passed legislation empowering the Food and Drug Administration to regulate the tobacco companies. Keep in mind that advances for consumers and workers are usually followed by a variety of corporate counterattacks. When the fervor behind such reform fades, then legislatures and regulatory agencies become very vulnerable to industry capture that stalls existing or further enforcement. What's that saying? "Justice requires constant vigilance." We see the difference between the driven stamina of counterattacking, profit-driven corporate power and the fatigue that overcomes a voluntary citizenry whose awareness and skill need renewal. It is not a fair contest between large companies like General Motors, Pfizer, ExxonMobil, Wells Fargo, Monsanto, plus other very wealthy companies and lobbyists, compared to people protection groups with very limited resources. Moreover, the corporations have immunities and privileges unavailable to real human beings. For example, Takata was guilty of a horrific airbag scandal, but the company escaped criminal prosecution. Instead, Takata was allowed to go bankrupt and its executives kept nice nest eggs. But organized people need not be awed by corporate power. Lawmakers still want votes more than they need campaign finance from corporations. We far outnumber corporations in potential influence. But voters must be connected clearly to what organized voters want from the lawmakers. Delegating the constitutional authority of "we the people," we want them to do the people's work. A people's Congress, the most constitutionally powerful branch of government, can override, block or rechannel the most destructive corporations. There are only 100 senators and 435 representatives with just two million organized activists back home, a Congress watchdog hobby. Congressional justice can be made reliable and prompt. We've proved that again and again with far fewer people. But today, Congress, marinated in campaign money, has been abdicating its responsibilities to an executive branch which too often has become a corporate state controlled by big companies. President Franklin D. Roosevelt, in 1938, in a message to Congress, called concentrated corporate power over our government quote -- fascism -- end quote. A modest engagement of one percent of adults in each of the 435 congressional districts, summoning senators and representatives or state legislators to their own town meetings, where the citizenry presents their agenda, backed by a majority of voters, can turn Congress around. Our representatives can become a fountainhead of democracy and justice, elevating human possibilities. I dream of our schools, or after-school clinics, teaching community civic action skills, leading to the good life. Adult education classes should do the same. We need to create citizen training and action libraries. Students and adults love knowledge that relates to their daily lives. Large majorities of Americans, regardless of political labels, favor a living wage, universal health insurance, real enforcement against corporate crime, fraud and abuse. They want a fair, productive tax system, public budgets returning value to the people back home in modern infrastructure, and an end to most corporate subsidies. Increasingly, they're demanding serious attention to climate disruption and other environmental and global health perils and pandemics. Big majorities of people want efficient government, an end to endless, aggressive wars that boomerang. They want clean elections and fair rules for voters and candidates. These are changes that bring people together, changes Congress can make happen. People around the world favor democracy, because it brings the best out of its inhabitants and its leaders. But this objective requires citizens to want to spend time on this great opportunity called democracy, between and at elections. History gives examples that encourage us to believe that breaking through power is easier than we think. People say to me, "I don't know what to do!" Start to learn by doing. The more they practice citizen action, the more skilled and innovative they become at it. Like learning a trade, a profession, a hobby, learning how to swim, their doubts, prejudgments and hesitancy begin to melt away in the crucible of action. Their arguments for change become deeper and sharper. From 1965 to 1966, when I was making the case for safer automobiles, I realized that there were a lot of industries making a lot of money from dealing with the horrific results of crashes: medical care, insurance sales, repairing cars ... There was a perverse incentive to do nothing but maintain the status quo. By contrast, preventing these tragedies frees consumer dollars to spend or save in voluntary [ways] for better livelihoods. What it takes is a small number of people to exert their civic muscle, both as individuals and organized groups, on our legal decision makers. Ideally, it only takes a few enlightened rich people contributing funds to accelerate citizen efforts against the commanders of greed and power. Why, in our past, rich people donated essential money for the antislavery, women's right to vote and civil rights movements. We should remember that. With the onset of climate catastrophe, every one of us needs to have a higher estimate of our own significance, of our own sustained dedication to the civic life, as part of a normal way of daily living, along with our personal family life. Showing up thoughtfully is half of democracy. That's what advances life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Remember, our country is full of problems we don't deserve and solutions which we do not apply. That gap is a democracy gap that no power can stop us from closing. We owe this to our posterity. Don't we want our descendants, instead of cursing us for our shortsighted neglect, don't we want them to bless our foresight and bright horizons which can fulfill their lives peacefully and advance the common good? Thank you. (Applause)

Don't misrepresent Africa
I just want to start with a little bit of a word of warning, and that is: my job here tonight is to be a little bit of a "doctor bring-me-down." So bear with me for a few minutes, and know that after this, things will get lighter and brighter. So let's start. I know that many of you have heard the traveler's adage, "Take nothing but pictures, leave nothing but footprints." Well, I'm going to say I don't think that's either as benign nor as simple as it sounds, particularly for those of us in industries who are portraying people in poor countries, in developing countries and portraying the poor. And those of us in those industries are reporters, researchers and people working for NGOs; I suspect there are a lot of us in those industries in the audience. We're going overseas and bringing back pictures like this: of the utterly distressed or the displaced or the hungry or the child laborers or the exotic. Now, Susan Sontag reminds us that photographs, in part, help define what we have the right to observe, but more importantly, they are an ethics of seeing. And I think right now is a good time to review our ethics of seeing, as our industries of reporting and research and NGO work are collapsing and changing, in part, by what's being driven by what's happening in the economy. But it's making us forge new relationships. And those new relationships have some fuzzy boundaries. I worked at the edge of some of these fuzzy boundaries, and I want to share with you some of my observations. My ethics of seeing is informed by 25 years as a reporter covering emerging economies and international relations. And I believe in a free and independent press. I believe that journalism is a public good. But it's getting harder to do that job, in part, because of the massive layoffs, because the budgets for international reporting aren't there anymore, new technologies and new platforms begging new content, and there are a lot of new journalisms. There's activist journalism, humanitarian journalism, peace journalism, and we are all looking to cover the important stories of our time. So we're going to NGOs and asking them if we can embed in their projects. This is in part because they're doing important work in interesting places. That's one example here: this is a project I worked on in the Blue Nile in Ethiopia. NGOs understand the benefits of having reporters tag along on their team. They need the publicity, they are under tremendous pressure, they're competing in a very crowded market for compassion. So they're also looking to reporters and to hire freelance reporters to help them develop their public relations material and their media material. Now, researchers are also under pressure. They're under pressure to communicate their science outside of the academy. So they're collaborating with reporters, because for many researchers, it's difficult for them to write a simple story or a clear story. And the benefit for reporters is that covering field research is some of the best work out there. You not only get to cover science, but you get to meet interesting scientists, like my PhD advisor Revi Sterling, she, of the magic research high tops there. And it was a discussion with Revi that brought us to the edge of the researcher and reporter, that fuzzy boundary. And I said to her, "I was looking forward to going to developing countries and doing research and covering stories at the same time." She said, "I don't think so, girlfriend." And that confusion, that mutual confusion, drove us to publish a paper on the conflicting ethics and the contradictory practices of research and reporting. We started with the understanding that researchers and reporters are distant cousins, equally storytellers and social analysts. But we don't see nor portray developing communities the same way. Here's a very classic example. This is Somalia, 1992. It could be Somalia today. And this is a standard operating procedure for much of the news video and the news pictures that you see, where a group of reporters will be trucked in, escorted to the site of a disaster, they'll produce their material, take their pictures, get their interviews, and then they'll be escorted out. This is decidedly not a research setting. Now, sometimes, we're working on feature stories. This is an image I took of a woman in Bhongir Village in Andhra Pradesh in India. She's at a microfinance meeting. It's a terrific story. What's important here is that she is identifiable. You can see her face. This also is not a research picture. This is much more representative of a research picture. It's a research site: you see young women accessing new technologies. It's more of a time stamp, it's a documentation of research. I couldn't use this for news. It doesn't tell enough, and it wouldn't sell. But then, the differences are even deeper than that. Revi and I analyzed some of the mandates that researchers are under. They are under some very strict rules governed by their university research review boards when it comes to content and confidentiality. Researchers are mandated to acquire document-informed consent. Well, as a reporter, if I hang a microphone on someone, that is consent. And when it comes to creating the story, I'll fact-check as a reporter, but I don't invite company to create that story, whereas social scientists, researchers, and particularly participatory researchers, will often work on constructing the narrative with the community. And when it comes to paying for information, "checkbook journalism" is roundly discouraged, in part, because of the bias it introduces in the kind of information you get. But social scientists understand that people's time is valuable so they pay them for that time. So while journalists are well-placed to convey the beauty of the scientific process -- and I would add, the NGO process -- what about the warts? What happens if a research project is not particularly well-designed, or an NGO project doesn't fulfill its goals? Or the other kind of warts, you know, what happens after dark when the drinks happen. Research environments and reporting trips and NGO projects are very intimate environments; you make good friends while you're doing good work. But there's a little bit of Johnnie Walker journalism after dark, and what happens to that line between embedded and in-bedded? Or what do you do with the odd and odious behavior? The point is that you'll want to negotiate in advance what is on the record and off the record. I'm going to turn now to some NGO imagery which will be familiar to some of you in this audience. (Video) Narrator: For about 70 cents, you can buy a can of soda, regular or diet. In Ethiopia, for just 70 cents a day, you can feed a child like Jamal nourishing meals. For about 70 cents, you can also buy a cup of coffee. In Guatemala, for 70 cents a day, you can help a child like Vilma get the clothes she needs to attend school. Leslie Dodson: Now, there's some very common imagery that's been around for 40 years. That's part of Sally Struthers's famine campaign. Some of it is very familiar; it's the Madonna and child. Women and children are very effective in terms of NGO campaigns. We've been looking at this imagery for a long time, for hundreds and hundreds of years; the Madonna and child. Here is [Duccio], and here is Michelangelo. My concern is: Are we one-noting the genders in our narratives of poverty in developing communities? Do we have women as victims, and are men only the perpetrators? Are they the guys with the AK-47s or the boy soldiers? Because that doesn't leave room for stories like the man who's selling ice cream at the refuge camp in Southern Sudan, where we did a project, or the stories of the men who are working on the bridge over the Blue Nile. So I wonder: Are these stories inconvenient to our narratives? And what about this narrative? This is a for-profit game, and its aim is to make development fun. One question is: Did they inadvertently make fun of? Another set of questions is: What are the rights of these children? What rights of publicity or privacy do they have? Did they get paid? Should they get paid? Should they share in the profit? This is a for-profit game. Did they sign talent waivers? I have to use these when I'm working with NGOs and documentary filmmakers here in the States. In the States, we take our right to privacy and publicity very seriously. So what is it about getting on a long-haul flight that makes these rights vaporize? I don't want to just pick on our friends in the gaming arts; I'll turn to the graphic arts, where we often see these monolithic, homogeneous stories about the great country of Africa. But Africa is not a country, it's a continent. It's 54 countries and thousands and thousands of languages. So my question is: Is this imagery productive, or is it reductive? I know that it's popular. USAID just launched their campaign "Forward" -- FWD: Famine, War and Drought. And by looking at it, you would think that was happening all the time, all over Africa. But this is about what's happening in the Horn of Africa. And I'm still trying to make sense of Africa in a piece of Wonder Bread. I'm wondering about that. Germaine Greer has wondered about the same things and she says, "At breakfast and at dinner, we can sharpen our own appetites with a plentiful dose of the pornography of war, genocide, destitution and disease." She's right. We have sharpened our appetites. But we can also sharpen our insights. It is not always war, insurrection and disease. This is a picture out of South Sudan, just a couple of months before the new country was born. I will continue to work as a researcher and a reporter in developing countries, but I do it with an altered ethic of seeing. I ask myself whether my pictures are pandering, whether they contribute to stereotypes, whether the images match the message, am I complacent or am I complicit? Thank you. (Applause)

Learning from dirty jobs
The "Dirty Jobs" crew and I were called to a little town in Colorado, called Craig. It's only a couple dozen square miles. It's in the Rockies. And the job in question was sheep rancher. My role on the show, for those of you who haven't seen it -- it's pretty simple. I'm an apprentice, and I work with the people who do the jobs in question. And my responsibilities are to simply try and keep up, and give an honest account of what it's like to be these people for one day in their life. The job in question: herding sheep. Great. We go to Craig and we check into a hotel, and I realize the next day that castration is going to be an absolute part of this work. Normally, I never do any research at all. But this is a touchy subject, and I work for the Discovery Channel, and we want to portray accurately whatever it is we do. And we certainly want to do it with a lot of respect for the animals. So I call the Humane Society and I say, "Look, I'm going to be castrating some lambs. Can you tell me the deal?" And they're like, "Yeah, it's pretty straightforward." They use a band, basically, a rubber band, like this, only a little smaller. This one was actually around the playing cards I got yesterday -- (Laughter) But it had a certain familiarity to it. And I said, "Well, what exactly is the process?" And they said, "The band is applied to the tail, tightly. And then another band is applied to the scrotum, tightly. Blood flow is slowly retarded; a week later the parts in question fall off. "Great -- got it." OK, I call the SPCA to confirm this. They confirm it. I also call PETA just for fun, and they don't like it, but they confirm it. OK, that's basically how you do it. So the next day I go out. And I'm given a horse and we go get the lambs and we take them to a pen that we built, and we go about the business of animal husbandry. Melanie is the wife of Albert. Albert is the shepherd in question. Melanie picks up the lamb, one hand on both legs on the right, likewise on the left. Lamb goes on the post, she opens it up. Alright. Great. Albert goes in, I follow Albert, the crew is around. I always watch the process done the first time before I try it. Being an apprentice, you know, you do that. Albert reaches in his pocket to pull out, you know, this black rubber band, but what comes out instead is a knife. And I'm like, "Hmm, that's not rubber at all," you know? (Laughter) And he kind of flicked it open in a way that caught the sun that was just coming over the Rockies, it was very -- (Laughter) It was ... it was impressive. In the space of about two seconds, Albert had the knife between the cartilage of the tail, right next to the butt of the lamb, and very quickly, the tail was gone and in the bucket that I was holding. A second later, with a big thumb and a well-calloused forefinger, he had the scrotum firmly in his grasp. And he pulled it toward him, like so, and he took the knife and he put it on the tip. "Now, you think you know what's coming, Michael, You don't, OK?" (Laughter) He snips it, throws the tip over his shoulder, and then grabs the scrotum and pushes it upward, and then his head dips down, obscuring my view. But what I hear is a slurping sound, and a noise that sounds like Velcro being yanked off a sticky wall, and I am not even kidding. Can we roll the video? No, I'm kidding, we don't -- (Laughter) I thought it best to talk in pictures. I do something now I've never, ever done on a "Dirty Jobs" shoot, ever. I say, "Time out. Stop." You guys know the show, we use take one; we don't do take two. There's no writing, there's no scripting, there's no nonsense. We don't fool around, we don't rehearse -- we shoot what we get! I said, "Stop. This is nuts." I mean -- (Laughter) "This is crazy. We can't do this." And Albert's like, "What?" And I'm like, "I don't know what just happened, but there are testicles in this bucket, and that's not how we do it." He said "Well, that's how we do it." I said, "Why would you do it this way?" And before I even let him explain, I said, "I want to do it the right way, with the rubber bands." And he says, "Like the Humane Society?" I said, "Yes, like the Humane Society. Let's do something that doesn't make the lamb squeal and bleed. We're on in five continents, dude! We're on twice a day on the Discovery -- we can't do this." He says, "OK." He goes to his box and pulls out a bag of these little rubber bands. Melanie picks up another lamb, puts it on the post, band goes on the tail, band goes on the scrotum. Lamb goes on the ground, lamb takes two steps, falls down, gets up, shakes a little, takes another couple steps, falls down. I'm like, this is not a good sign for this lamb, at all. Gets up, walks to the corner. It's quivering, and it lies down and it's in obvious distress. And I'm looking at the lamb and I say, "Albert, how long? When does he get up?" He's like, "A day?" I said, "A day! How long does it take them to fall off?" "A week." Meanwhile, the lamb that he had just done his little procedure on is, you know, he's just prancing around, bleeding stopped. He's, you know, nibbling on some grass, frolicking. And I was just so blown away at how completely wrong I was, in that second. And I was reminded how utterly wrong I am, so much of the time. (Laughter) And I was especially reminded of what a ridiculously short straw I had that day, because now I had to do what Albert had just done, and there are like 100 of these lambs in the pen. And suddenly, this whole thing's starting to feel like a German porno, and I'm like -- (Laughter) Melanie picks up the lamb, puts it on the post, opens it up. Albert hands me the knife. I go in, tail comes off. I go in, I grab the scrotum, tip comes off. Albert instructs, "Push it way up there." I do. "Push it further." I do. The testicles emerge. They look like thumbs, coming right at you. And he says, "Bite 'em. Just bite 'em off." (Laughter) And I heard him, I heard all the words -- (Laughter) Like, how did I get here? How did -- I mean -- how did I get here? It's just -- it's one of those moments where the brain goes off on its own, and suddenly, I'm standing there in the Rockies, and all I can think of is the Aristotelian definition of a tragedy. You know, Aristotle says a tragedy is that moment when the hero comes face to face with his true identity. (Laughter) And I'm like, "What is this jacked-up metaphor? I don't like what I'm thinking right now." And I can't get this thought out of my head, and I can't get that vision out of my sight, so I did what I had to do. I went in and I took them. I took them like this, and I yanked my head back. And I'm standing there with two testicles on my chin. (Laughter) And now I can't get -- I can't shake the metaphor. I'm still in "Poetics," in Aristotle, and I'm thinking -- out of nowhere, two terms come crashing into my head, that I hadn't heard since my classics professor in college drilled them there. And they are "anagnorisis" and "peripeteia." Anagnorisis and peripeteia. Anagnorisis is the Greek word for discovery. Literally, the transition from ignorance to knowledge is anagnorisis. It's what our network does; it's what "Dirty Jobs" is. And I'm up to my neck in anagnorises every single day. Great. The other word, peripeteia, that's the moment in the great tragedies -- Euripides and Sophocles. That's the moment where Oedipus has his moment, where he suddenly realizes that hot chick he's been sleeping with and having babies with is his mother. That's peripety, or peripeteia. And this metaphor in my head -- I've got anagnorisis and peripeteia on my chin -- (Laughter) I've got to tell you, it's such a great device, though. When you start to look for peripeteia, you find it everywhere. I mean, Bruce Willis in "The Sixth Sense," right? Spends the whole movie trying to help the little kid who sees dead people, and then -- boom! -- "Oh, I'm dead." Peripeteia. You know? It's crushing when the audience sees it the right way. Neo in "The Matrix," you know? "Oh, I'm living in a computer program. That's weird." These discoveries that lead to sudden realizations. And I've been having them, over 200 dirty jobs, I have them all the time, but that one -- that one drilled something home in a way that I just wasn't prepared for. And, as I stood there, looking at the happy lamb that I had just defiled -- but it looked OK; looking at that poor other little thing that I'd done it the right way on, and I just was struck by -- if I'm wrong about that, and if I'm wrong so often, in a literal way, what other peripatetic misconceptions might I be able to comment upon? Because, look -- I'm not a social anthropologist, but I have a friend who is. And I talk to him. (Laughter) And he says, "Hey Mike, look. I don't know if your brain is interested in this sort of thing or not, but do you realize you've shot in every state? You've worked in mining, you've worked in fishing, you've worked in steel, you've worked in every major industry. You've had your back shoulder to shoulder with these guys that our politicians are desperate to relate to every four years, right?" I can still see Hillary doing the shots of rye, dribbling down her chin, with the steel workers. I mean, these are the people that I work with every single day. "And if you have something to say about their thoughts, collectively, it might be time to think about it. Because, dude, you know, four years." So, that's in my head, testicles are on my chin, thoughts are bouncing around. And, after that shoot, "Dirty Jobs" really didn't change, in terms of what the show is, but it changed for me, personally. And now, when I talk about the show, I no longer just tell the story you heard and 190 like it. I do, but I also start to talk about some of the other things I got wrong; some of the other notions of work that I've just been assuming are sacrosanct, and they're not. People with dirty jobs are happier than you think. As a group, they're the happiest people I know. And I don't want to start whistling "Look for the Union Label," and all that happy-worker crap. I'm just telling you that these are balanced people who do unthinkable work. Roadkill picker-uppers whistle while they work, I swear to God -- I did it with them. They've got this amazing sort of symmetry to their life. And I see it over and over and over again. So I started to wonder what would happen if we challenged some of these sacred cows? Follow your passion -- we've been talking about it here for the last 36 hours. Follow your passion -- what could possibly be wrong with that? It's probably the worst advice I ever got. (Laughter) Follow your dreams and go broke, right? I mean, that's all I heard growing up. I didn't know what to do with my life, but I was told if you follow your passion, it's going to work out. I can give you 30 examples right now. Bob Combs, the pig farmer in Las Vegas who collects the uneaten scraps of food from the casinos and feeds them to his swine. Why? Because there's so much protein in the stuff we don't eat, his pigs grow at twice the normal speed, and he's one rich pig farmer. He's good for the environment, he spends his days doing this incredible service, and he smells like hell, but God bless him. He's making a great living. You ask him, "Did you follow your passion here?" and he'd laugh at you. The guy's worth -- he just got offered like 60 million dollars for his farm and turned it down, outside of Vegas. He didn't follow his passion. He stepped back and he watched where everybody was going, and he went the other way. And I hear that story over and over. Matt Freund, a dairy farmer in New Canaan, Connecticut, who woke up one day and realized the crap from his cows was worth more than their milk, if he could use it to make these biodegradable flowerpots. Now he's selling them to Walmart, right? Follow his passion? The guy's -- come on. So I started to look at passion, I started to look at efficiency vs. effectiveness. As Tim talked about earlier, that's a huge distinction. I started to look at teamwork and determination. And basically, all those platitudes they call "successories" that hang with that schmaltzy art in boardrooms around the world right now, that stuff -- it's suddenly all been turned on its head. Safety. Safety first is ... Going back to OSHA and PETA and the Humane Society: What if OSHA got it wrong? I mean -- this is heresy, what I'm about to say -- but what if it's really safety third? Right? (Laughter) No, I mean, really. What I mean to say is: I value my safety on these crazy jobs as much as the people that I'm working with, but the ones who really get it done -- they're not out there talking about safety first. They know that other things come first -- the business of doing the work comes first, the business of getting it done. And I'll never forget, up in the Bering Sea, I was on a crab boat with the "Deadliest Catch" guys -- which I also work on in the first season. We were about 100 miles off the coast of Russia: 50-foot seas, big waves, green water coming over the wheelhouse, right? Most hazardous environment I'd ever seen, and I was back with a guy, lashing the pots down. So I'm 40 feet off the deck, which is like looking down at the top of your shoe, you know, and it's doing this in the ocean. Unspeakably dangerous. I scamper down, I go into the wheelhouse and I say, with some level of incredulity, "Captain -- OSHA?" And he says, "OSHA? Ocean." And he points out there. (Laughter) But in that moment, what he said next can't be repeated in the Lower 48. It can't be repeated on any factory floor or any construction site. But he looked at me and said, "Son," -- he's my age, by the way, he calls me "son," I love that -- he says, "Son, I'm the captain of a crab boat. My responsibility is not to get you home alive. My responsibility is to get you home rich." (Laughter) You want to get home alive, that's on you." And for the rest of that day -- safety first. I mean, I was like -- So, the idea that we create this sense of complacency when all we do is talk about somebody else's responsibility as though it's our own, and vice versa. Anyhow, a whole lot of things. I could talk at length about the many little distinctions we made and the endless list of ways that I got it wrong. But what it all comes down to is this: I've formed a theory, and I'm going to share it now in my remaining 2 minutes and 30 seconds. It goes like this: we've declared war on work, as a society -- all of us. It's a civil war. It's a cold war, really. We didn't set out to do it and we didn't twist our mustache in some Machiavellian way, but we've done it. And we've waged this war on at least four fronts, certainly in Hollywood. The way we portray working people on TV -- it's laughable. If there's a plumber, he's 300 pounds and he's got a giant butt crack, admit it. You see him all the time. That's what plumbers look like, right? We turn them into heroes, or we turn them into punch lines. That's what TV does. We try hard on "Dirty Jobs" not to do that, which is why I do the work and I don't cheat. But, we've waged this war on Madison Avenue. So many of the commercials that come out there in the way of a message -- what's really being said? "Your life would be better if you could work a little less, didn't have to work so hard, got home a little earlier, could retire a little faster, punch out a little sooner." It's all in there, over and over, again and again. Washington? I can't even begin to talk about the deals and policies in place that affect the bottom-line reality of the available jobs, because I don't really know; I just know that that's a front in this war. And right here, guys -- Silicon Valley. I mean -- how many people have an iPhone on them right now? How many people have their BlackBerry? We're plugged in; we're connected. I would never suggest for a second that something bad has come out of the tech revolution. Good grief, not to this crowd. (Laughter) But I would suggest that innovation without imitation is a complete waste of time. And nobody celebrates imitation the way "Dirty Jobs" guys know it has to be done. Your iPhone without those people making the same interface, the same circuitry, the same board, over and over -- all of that -- that's what makes it equally as possible as the genius that goes inside of it. So, we've got this new toolbox. You know? Our tools today don't look like shovels and picks. They look like the stuff we walk around with. And so the collective effect of all of that has been this marginalization of lots and lots of jobs. And I realized, probably too late in this game -- I hope not, because I don't know if I can do 200 more of these things -- but we're going to do as many as we can. And to me, the most important thing to know and to really come face to face with, is that fact that I got it wrong about a lot of things, not just the testicles on my chin. I got a lot wrong. So, we're thinking -- by "we," I mean me -- (Laughter) that the thing to do is to talk about a PR campaign for work -- manual labor, skilled labor. Somebody needs to be out there, talking about the forgotten benefits. I'm talking about grandfather stuff, the stuff a lot us probably grew up with but we've kind of -- you know, kind of lost a little. Barack wants to create two and a half million jobs. The infrastructure is a huge deal. This war on work that I suppose exists, has casualties like any other war. The infrastructure is the first one, declining trade school enrollments are the second one. Every single year, fewer electricians, fewer carpenters, fewer plumbers, fewer welders, fewer pipe fitters, fewer steam fitters. The infrastructure jobs that everybody is talking about creating are those guys -- the ones that have been in decline, over and over. Meanwhile, we've got two trillion dollars, at a minimum, according to the American Society of Civil Engineers, that we need to expend to even make a dent in the infrastructure, which is currently rated at a D minus. So, if I were running for anything -- and I'm not -- I would simply say that the jobs we hope to make and the jobs we hope to create aren't going to stick unless they're jobs that people want. And I know the point of this conference is to celebrate things that are near and dear to us, but I also know that clean and dirty aren't opposites. They're two sides of the same coin, just like innovation and imitation, like risk and responsibility, like peripeteia and anagnorisis, like that poor little lamb, who I hope isn't quivering anymore, and like my time that's gone. It's been great talking to you. And get back to work, will you? (Applause)

How architecture helped music evolve
This is the venue where, as a young man, some of the music that I wrote was first performed. It was, remarkably, a pretty good sounding room. With all the uneven walls and all the crap everywhere, it actually sounded pretty good. This is a song that was recorded there. (Music) This is not Talking Heads, in the picture anyway. (Music: "A Clean Break (Let's Work)" by Talking Heads) So the nature of the room meant that words could be understood. The lyrics of the songs could be pretty much understood. The sound system was kind of decent. And there wasn't a lot of reverberation in the room. So the rhythms could be pretty intact too, pretty concise. Other places around the country had similar rooms. This is Tootsie's Orchid Lounge in Nashville. The music was in some ways different, but in structure and form, very much the same. The clientele behavior was very much the same too. And so the bands at Tootsie's or at CBGB's had to play loud enough -- the volume had to be loud enough to overcome people falling down, shouting out and doing whatever else they were doing. Since then, I've played other places that are much nicer. I've played the Disney Hall here and Carnegie Hall and places like that. And it's been very exciting. But I also noticed that sometimes the music that I had written, or was writing at the time, didn't sound all that great in some of those halls. We managed, but sometimes those halls didn't seem exactly suited to the music I was making or had made. So I asked myself: Do I write stuff for specific rooms? Do I have a place, a venue, in mind when I write? Is that a kind of model for creativity? Do we all make things with a venue, a context, in mind? Okay, Africa. (Music: "Wenlenga" / Various artists) Most of the popular music that we know now has a big part of its roots in West Africa. And the music there, I would say, the instruments, the intricate rhythms, the way it's played, the setting, the context, it's all perfect. It all works perfect. The music works perfectly in that setting. There's no big room to create reverberation and confuse the rhythms. The instruments are loud enough that they can be heard without amplification, etc., etc. It's no accident. It's perfect for that particular context. And it would be a mess in a context like this. This is a gothic cathedral. (Music: "Spem In Alium" by Thomas Tallis) In a gothic cathedral, this kind of music is perfect. It doesn't change key, the notes are long, there's almost no rhythm whatsoever, and the room flatters the music. It actually improves it. This is the room that Bach wrote some of his music for. This is the organ. It's not as big as a gothic cathedral, so he can write things that are a little bit more intricate. He can, very innovatively, actually change keys without risking huge dissonances. (Music: "Fantasia On Jesu, Mein Freunde" by Johann S. Bach) This is a little bit later. This is the kind of rooms that Mozart wrote in. I think we're in like 1770, somewhere around there. They're smaller, even less reverberant, so he can write really frilly music that's very intricate -- and it works. (Music: "Sonata in F," KV 13, by Wolfgang A. Mozart) It fits the room perfectly. This is La Scala. It's around the same time, I think it was built around 1776. People in the audience in these opera houses, when they were built, they used to yell out to one another. They used to eat, drink and yell out to people on the stage, just like they do at CBGB's and places like that. If they liked an aria, they would holler and suggest that it be done again as an encore, not at the end of the show, but immediately. (Laughter) And well, that was an opera experience. This is the opera house that Wagner built for himself. And the size of the room is not that big. It's smaller than this. But Wagner made an innovation. He wanted a bigger band. He wanted a little more bombast, so he increased the size of the orchestra pit so he could get more low-end instruments in there. (Music: "Lohengrin / Prelude to Act III" by Richard Wagner) Okay. This is Carnegie Hall. Obviously, this kind of thing became popular. The halls got bigger. Carnegie Hall's fair-sized. It's larger than some of the other symphony halls. And they're a lot more reverberant than La Scala. Around the same, according to Alex Ross who writes for the New Yorker, this kind of rule came into effect that audiences had to be quiet -- no more eating, drinking and yelling at the stage, or gossiping with one another during the show. They had to be very quiet. So those two things combined meant that a different kind of music worked best in these kind of halls. It meant that there could be extreme dynamics, which there weren't in some of these other kinds of music. Quiet parts could be heard that would have been drowned out by all the gossiping and shouting. But because of the reverberation in those rooms like Carnegie Hall, the music had to be maybe a little less rhythmic and a little more textural. (Music: "Symphony No. 8 in E Flat Major" by Gustav Mahler) This is Mahler. It looks like Bob Dylan, but it's Mahler. That was Bob's last record, yeah. (Laughter) Popular music, coming along at the same time. This is a jazz band. According to Scott Joplin, the bands were playing on riverboats and clubs. Again, it's noisy. They're playing for dancers. There's certain sections of the song -- the songs had different sections that the dancers really liked. And they'd say, "Play that part again." Well, there's only so many times you can play the same section of a song over and over again for the dancers. So the bands started to improvise new melodies. And a new form of music was born. (Music: "Royal Garden Blues" by W.C. Handy / Ethel Waters) These are played mainly in small rooms. People are dancing, shouting and drinking. So the music has to be loud enough to be heard above that. Same thing goes true for -- that's the beginning of the century -- for the whole of 20th-century popular music, whether it's rock or Latin music or whatever. [Live music] doesn't really change that much. It changes about a third of the way into the 20th century, when this became one of the primary venues for music. And this was one way that the music got there. Microphones enabled singers, in particular, and musicians and composers, to completely change the kind of music that they were writing. So far, a lot of the stuff that was on the radio was live music, but singers, like Frank Sinatra, could use the mic and do things that they could never do without a microphone. Other singers after him went even further. (Music: "My Funny Valentine" by Chet Baker) This is Chet Baker. And this kind of thing would have been impossible without a microphone. It would have been impossible without recorded music as well. And he's singing right into your ear. He's whispering into your ears. The effect is just electric. It's like the guy is sitting next to you, whispering who knows what into your ear. So at this point, music diverged. There's live music, and there's recorded music. And they no longer have to be exactly the same. Now there's venues like this, a discotheque, and there's jukeboxes in bars, where you don't even need to have a band. There doesn't need to be any live performing musicians whatsoever, and the sound systems are good. People began to make music specifically for discos and for those sound systems. And, as with jazz, the dancers liked certain sections more than they did others. So the early hip-hop guys would loop certain sections. (Music: "Rapper's Delight" by The Sugarhill Gang) The MC would improvise lyrics in the same way that the jazz players would improvise melodies. And another new form of music was born. Live performance, when it was incredibly successful, ended up in what is probably, acoustically, the worst sounding venues on the planet: sports stadiums, basketball arenas and hockey arenas. Musicians who ended up there did the best they could. They wrote what is now called arena rock, which is medium-speed ballads. (Music: "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" by U2) They did the best they could given that this is what they're writing for. The tempos are medium. It sounds big. It's more a social situation than a musical situation. And in some ways, the music that they're writing for this place works perfectly. So there's more new venues. One of the new ones is the automobile. I grew up with a radio in a car. But now that's evolved into something else. The car is a whole venue. (Music: "Who U Wit" by Lil' Jon &amp; the East Side Boyz) The music that, I would say, is written for automobile sound systems works perfectly on it. It might not be what you want to listen to at home, but it works great in the car -- has a huge frequency spectrum, you know, big bass and high-end and the voice kind of stuck in the middle. Automobile music, you can share with your friends. There's one other kind of new venue, the private MP3 player. Presumably, this is just for Christian music. (Laughter) And in some ways it's like Carnegie Hall, or when the audience had to hush up, because you can now hear every single detail. In other ways, it's more like the West African music because if the music in an MP3 player gets too quiet, you turn it up, and the next minute, your ears are blasted out by a louder passage. So that doesn't really work. I think pop music, mainly, it's written today, to some extent, is written for these kind of players, for this kind of personal experience where you can hear extreme detail, but the dynamic doesn't change that much. So I asked myself: Okay, is this a model for creation, this adaptation that we do? And does it happen anywhere else? Well, according to David Attenborough and some other people, birds do it too -- that the birds in the canopy, where the foliage is dense, their calls tend to be high-pitched, short and repetitive. And the birds on the floor tend to have lower pitched calls, so that they don't get distorted when they bounce off the forest floor. And birds like this Savannah sparrow, they tend to have a buzzing (Sound clip: Savannah sparrow song) type call. And it turns out that a sound like this is the most energy efficient and practical way to transmit their call across the fields and savannahs. Other birds, like this tanager, have adapted within the same species. The tananger on the East Coast of the United States, where the forests are a little denser, has one kind of call, and the tananger on the other side, on the west (Sound clip: Scarlet tanager song) has a different kind of call. (Sound clip: Scarlet tanager song) So birds do it too. And I thought: Well, if this is a model for creation, if we make music, primarily the form at least, to fit these contexts, and if we make art to fit gallery walls or museum walls, and if we write software to fit existing operating systems, is that how it works? Yeah. I think it's evolutionary. It's adaptive. But the pleasure and the passion and the joy is still there. This is a reverse view of things from the kind of traditional Romantic view. The Romantic view is that first comes the passion and then the outpouring of emotion, and then somehow it gets shaped into something. And I'm saying, well, the passion's still there, but the vessel that it's going to be injected into and poured into, that is instinctively and intuitively created first. We already know where that passion is going. But this conflict of views is kind of interesting. The writer, Thomas Frank, says that this might be a kind of explanation why some voters vote against their best interests, that voters, like a lot of us, assume, that if they hear something that sounds like it's sincere, that it's coming from the gut, that it's passionate, that it's more authentic. And they'll vote for that. So that, if somebody can fake sincerity, if they can fake passion, they stand a better chance of being selected in that way, which seems a little dangerous. I'm saying the two, the passion, the joy, are not mutually exclusive. Maybe what the world needs now is for us to realize that we are like the birds. We adapt. We sing. And like the birds, the joy is still there, even though we have changed what we do to fit the context. Thank you very much. (Applause)

Building blocks that blink, beep and teach
This may sound strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block. The first concrete blocks were manufactured in 1868 with a very simple idea: modules made of cement of a fixed measurement that fit together. Very quickly concrete blocks became the most-used construction unit in the world. They enabled us to to build things that were larger than us, buildings, bridges, one brick at a time. Essentially concrete blocks had become the building block of our time. Almost a hundred years later in 1947, LEGO came up with this. It was called the Automatic Binding Brick. And in a few short years, LEGO bricks took place in every household. It's estimated that over 400 billion bricks have been produced -- or 75 bricks for every person on the planet. You don't have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses, beautiful bridges, beautiful buildings. LEGO made it accessible. LEGO has essentially taken the concrete block, the building block of the world, and made it into the building block of our imagination. Meanwhile the exact same year, at Bell Labs the next revolution was about to be announced, the next building block. The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks piled on top of each other to a world where everything was interactive. Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to build much larger, more complex circuits, one brick at a time. But there's a main difference: The transistor was only for experts. I personally don't accept this, that the building block of our time is reserved for experts, so I decided to change that. Eight years ago when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring this idea of how to put the power of engineers in the hands of artists and designers. A few years ago I started developing littleBits. Let me show you how they work. LittleBits are electronic modules with each one specific function. They're pre-engineered to be light, sound, motors and sensors. And the best part about it is they snap together with magnets. So you can't put them the wrong way. The bricks are color-coded. Green is output, blue is power, pink is input and orange is wire. So all you need to do is snap a blue to a green and very quickly you can start making larger circuits. You put a blue to a green, you can make light. You can put a knob in between and now you've made a little dimmer. Switch out the knob for a pulse module, which is here, and now you've made a little blinker. Add this buzzer for some extra punch and you've created a noise machine. I'm going to stop that. So beyond simple play, littleBits are actually pretty powerful. Instead of having to program, to wire, to solder, littleBits allow you to program using very simple intuitive gestures. So to make this blink faster or slower, you would just turn this knob and basically make it pulse faster or slower. The idea behind littleBits is that it's a growing library. We want to make every single interaction in the world into a ready-to-use brick. Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors -- everything should be accessible. We've been giving littleBits to kids and seeing them play with them. And it's been an incredible experience. The nicest thing is how they start to understand the electronics around them from everyday that they don't learn at schools. For example, how a nightlight works, or why an elevator door stays open, or how an iPod responds to touch. We've also been taking littleBits to design schools. So for example, we've had designers with no experience with electronics whatsoever start to play with littleBits as a material. Here you see, with felt and paper water bottles, we have Geordie making ... (Clanging) (Buzzing) A few weeks ago we took littleBits to RISD and gave them to some designers with no experience in engineering whatsoever -- just cardboard, wood and paper -- and told them "Make something." Here's an example of a project they made, a motion-activated confetti canon ball. (Laughter) But wait, this is actually my favorite project. It's a lobster made of playdough that's afraid of the dark. (Laughter) To these non-engineers, littleBits became another material, electronics became just another material. And we want to make this material accessible to everyone. So littleBits is open-source. You can go on the website, download all the design files, make them yourself. We want to encourage a world of creators, of inventors, of contributors, because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours. So go ahead and start inventing. Thank you. (Applause)

Unleash your creativity in a Fab Lab
This meeting has really been about a digital revolution, but I'd like to argue that it's done; we won. We've had a digital revolution but we don't need to keep having it. And I'd like to look after that, to look what comes after the digital revolution. So, let me start projecting forward. These are some projects I'm involved in today at MIT, looking what comes after computers. This first one, Internet Zero, up here -- this is a web server that has the cost and complexity of an RFID tag -- about a dollar -- that can go in every light bulb and doorknob, and this is getting commercialized very quickly. And what's interesting about it isn't the cost; it's the way it encodes the Internet. It uses a kind of a Morse code for the Internet so you could send it optically; you can communicate acoustically through a power line, through RF. It takes the original principle of the Internet, which is inter-networking computers, and now lets devices inter-network. That we can take the whole idea that gave birth to the Internet and bring it down to the physical world in this Internet Zero, this internet of devices. So this is the next step from there to here, and this is getting commercialized today. A step after that is a project on fungible computers. Fungible goods in economics can be extended and traded. So, half as much grain is half as much useful, but half a baby or half a computer is less useful than a whole baby or a whole computer, and we've been trying to make computers that work that way. So, what you see in the background is a prototype. This was from a thesis of a student, Bill Butow, now at Intel, who wondered why, instead of making bigger and bigger chips, you don't make small chips, put them in a viscous medium, and pour out computing by the pound or by the square inch. And that's what you see here. On the left was postscript being rendered by a conventional computer; on the right is postscript being rendered from the first prototype we made, but there's no frame buffer, IO processor, any of that stuff -- it's just this material. Unlike this screen where the dots are placed carefully, this is a raw material. If you add twice as much of it, you have twice as much display. If you shoot a gun through the middle, nothing happens. If you need more resource, you just apply more computer. So, that's the step after this -- of computing as a raw material. That's still conventional bits, the step after that is -- this is an earlier prototype in the lab; this is high-speed video slowed down. Now, integrating chemistry in computation, where the bits are bubbles. This is showing making bits, this is showing -- once again, slowed down so you can see it, bits interacting to do logic and multiplexing and de-multiplexing. So, now we can compute that the output arranges material as well as information. And, ultimately, these are some slides from an early project I did, computing where the bits are stored quantum-mechanically in the nuclei of atoms, so programs rearrange the nuclear structure of molecules. All of these are in the lab pushing further and further and further, not as metaphor but literally integrating bits and atoms, and they lead to the following recognition. We all know we've had a digital revolution, but what is that? Well, Shannon took us, in the '40s, from here to here: from a telephone being a speaker wire that degraded with distance to the Internet. And he proved the first threshold theorem, that shows if you add information and remove it to a signal, you can compute perfectly with an imperfect device. And that's when we got the Internet. Von Neumann, in the '50s, did the same thing for computing; he showed you can have an unreliable computer but restore its state to make it perfect. This was the last great analog computer at MIT: a differential analyzer, and the more you ran it, the worse the answer got. After Von Neumann, we have the Pentium, where the billionth transistor is as reliable as the first one. But all our fabrication is down in this lower left corner. A state-of-the-art airplane factory rotating metal wax at fixed metal, or you maybe melt some plastic. A 10-billion-dollar chip fab uses a process a village artisan would recognize -- you spread stuff around and bake it. All the intelligence is external to the system; the materials don't have information. Yesterday you heard about molecular biology, which fundamentally computes to build. It's an information processing system. We've had digital revolutions in communication and computation, but precisely the same idea, precisely the same math Shannon and Von Neuman did, hasn't yet come out to the physical world. So, inspired by that, colleagues in this program -- the Center for Bits and Atoms at MIT -- which is a group of people, like me, who never understood the boundary between physical science and computer science. I would even go further and say computer science is one of the worst things that ever happened to either computers or to science -- (Laughter) -- because the canon -- computer science -- many of them are great but the canon of computer science prematurely froze a model of computation based on technology that was available in 1950, and nature's a much more powerful computer than that. So, you'll hear, tomorrow, from Saul Griffith. He was one of the first students to emerge from this program. We started to figure out how you can compute to fabricate. This was just a proof of principle he did of tiles that interact magnetically, where you write a code, much like protein folding, that specifies their structure. So, there's no feedback to a tool metrology; the material itself codes for its structure in just the same ways that protein are fabricated. So, you can, for example, do that. You can do other things. That's in 2D. It works in 3D. The video on the upper right -- I won't show for time -- shows self-replication, templating so something can make something that can make something, and we're doing that now over, maybe, nine orders of magnitude. Those ideas have been used to show the best fidelity and direct rate DNA to make an organism, in functionalizing nanoclusters with peptide tails that code for their assembly -- so, much like the magnets, but now on nanometer scales. Laser micro-machining: essentially 3D printers that digitally fabricate functional systems, all the way up to building buildings, not by having blueprints, but having the parts code for the structure of the building. So, these are early examples in the lab of emerging technologies to digitize fabrication. Computers that don't control tools but computers that are tools, where the output of a program rearranges atoms as well as bits. Now, to do that -- with your tax dollars, thank you -- I bought all these machines. We made a modest proposal to the NSF. We wanted to be able to make anything on any length scale, all in one place, because you can't segregate digital fabrication by a discipline or a length scale. So we put together focused nano beam writers and supersonic water jet cutters and excimer micro-machining systems. But I had a problem. Once I had all these machines, I was spending too much time teaching students to use them. So I started teaching a class, modestly called, "How To Make Almost Anything." And that wasn't meant to be provocative; it was just for a few research students. But the first day of class looked like this. You know, hundreds of people came in begging, all my life I've been waiting for this class; I'll do anything to do it. Then they'd ask, can you teach it at MIT? It seems too useful? And then the next -- (Laughter) -- surprising thing was they weren't there to do research. They were there because they wanted to make stuff. They had no conventional technical background. At the end of a semester they integrated their skills. I'll show an old video. Kelly was a sculptor, and this is what she did with her semester project. (Video): Kelly: Hi, I'm Kelly and this is my scream buddy. Do you ever find yourself in a situation where you really have to scream, but you can't because you're at work, or you're in a classroom, or you're watching your children, or you're in any number of situations where it's just not permitted? Well, scream buddy is a portable space for screaming. When a user screams into scream buddy, their scream is silenced. It is also recorded for later release where, when and how the user chooses. (Scream) (Laughter) (Applause) So, Einstein would like this. This student made a web browser for parrots -- lets parrots surf the Net and talk to other parrots. This student's made an alarm clock you wrestle to prove you're awake; this is one that defends -- a dress that defends your personal space. This isn't technology for communication; it's technology to prevent it. This is a device that lets you see your music. This is a student who made a machine that makes machines, and he made it by making Lego bricks that do the computing. Just year after year -- and I finally realized the students were showing the killer app of personal fabrication is products for a market of one person. You don't need this for what you can get in Wal-Mart; you need this for what makes you unique. Ken Olsen famously said, nobody needs a computer in the home. But you don't use it for inventory and payroll; DEC is now twice bankrupt. You don't need personal fabrication in the home to buy what you can buy because you can buy it. You need it for what makes you unique, just like personalization. So, with that, in turn, 20 million dollars today does this; 20 years from now we'll make Star Trek replicators that make anything. The students hijacked all the machines I bought to do personal fabrication. Today, when you spend that much of your money, there's a government requirement to do outreach, which often means classes at a local school, a website -- stuff that's just not that exciting. So, I made a deal with my NSF program managers that instead of talking about it, I'd give people the tools. This wasn't meant to be provocative or important, but we put together these Fab Labs. It's about 20,000 dollars in equipment that approximate both what the 20 million dollars does and where it's going. A laser cutter to do press-fit assembly with 3D from 2D, a sign cutter to plot in copper to do electromagnetics, a micron scale, numerically-controlled milling machine for precise structures, programming tools for less than a dollar, 100-nanosecond microcontrollers. It lets you work from microns and microseconds on up, and they exploded around the world. This wasn't scheduled, but they went from inner-city Boston to Pobal in India, to Secondi-Takoradi on Ghana's coast to Soshanguve in a township in South Africa, to the far north of Norway, uncovering, or helping uncover, for all the attention to the digital divide, we would find unused computers in all these places. A farmer in a rural village -- a kid needs to measure and modify the world, not just get information about it on a screen. That there's really a fabrication and an instrumentation divide bigger than the digital divide. And the way you close it is not IT for the masses but IT development for the masses. So, in place after place we saw this same progression: that we'd open one of these Fab Labs, where we didn't -- this is too crazy to think of. We didn't think this up, that we would get pulled to these places; we'd open it. The first step was just empowerment. You can see it in their face, just this joy of, I can do it. This is a girl in inner-city Boston who had just done a high-tech on-demand craft sale in the inner city community center. It goes on from there to serious hands-on technical education informally, out of schools. In Ghana we had set up one of these labs. We designed a network sensor, and kids would show up and refuse to leave the lab. There was a girl who insisted we stay late at night -- (Video): Kids: I love the Fab Lab. -- her first night in the lab because she was going to make the sensor. So she insisted on fabbing the board, learning how to stuff it, learning how to program it. She didn't really know what she was doing or why she was doing it, but she knew she just had to do it. There was something electric about it. This is late at, you know, 11 o'clock at night and I think I was the only person surprised when what she built worked the first time. And I've shown this to engineers at big companies, and they say they can't do this. Any one thing she's doing, they can do better, but it's distributed over many people and many sites and they can't do in an afternoon what this little girl in rural Ghana is doing. (Video): Girl: My name is Valentina Kofi; I am eight years old. I made a stacking board. And, again, that was just for the joy of it. Then these labs started doing serious problem solving -- instrumentation for agriculture in India, steam turbines for energy conversion in Ghana, high-gain antennas in thin client computers. And then, in turn, businesses started to grow, like making these antennas. And finally, the lab started doing invention. We're learning more from them than we're giving them. I was showing my kids in a Fab Lab how to use it. They invented a way to do a construction kit out of a cardboard box -- which, as you see up there, that's becoming a business -- but their design was better than Saul's design at MIT, so there's now three students at MIT doing their theses on scaling the work of eight-year-old children because they had better designs. Real invention is happening in these labs. And I still kept -- so, in the last year I've been spending time with heads of state and generals and tribal chiefs who all want this, and I keep saying, but this isn't the real thing. Wait, like, 20 years and then we'll be done. And I finally got what's been going on. This is Kernigan and Ritchie inventing UNIX on a PDP. PDPs came between mainframes and minicomputers. They were tens of thousands of dollars, hard to use, but they brought computing down to work groups, and everything we do today happened there. These Fab Labs are the cost and complexity of a PDP. The projection of digital fabrication isn't a projection for the future; we are now in the PDP era. We talked in hushed tones about the great discoveries then. It was very chaotic, it wasn't, sort of, clear what was going on. In the same sense we are now, today, in the minicomputer era of digital fabrication. The only problem with that is it breaks everybody's boundaries. In DC, I go to every agency that wants to talk, you know; in the Bay Area, I go to every organization you can think of -- they all want to talk about it, but it breaks their organizational boundaries. In fact, it's illegal for them, in many cases, to equip ordinary people to create rather than consume technology. And that problem is so severe that the ultimate invention coming from this community surprised me: it's the social engineering. That the lab in far north of Norway -- this is so far north its satellite dishes look at the ground rather than the sky because that's where the satellites are -- the lab outgrew the little barn that it was in. It was there because they wanted to find animals in the mountains but it outgrew it, so they built this extraordinary village for the lab. This isn't a university; it's not a company. It's essentially a village for invention; it's a village for the outliers in society, and those have been growing up around these Fab Labs all around the world. So this program has split into an NGO foundation, a Fab Foundation to support the scaling, a micro VC fund. The person who runs it nicely describes it as "machines that make machines need businesses that make businesses:" it's a cross between micro-finance and VC to do fan-out, and then the research partnerships back at MIT for what's making it possible. So I'd like to leave you with two thoughts. There's been a sea change in aid, from top-down mega-projects to bottom-up, grassroots, micro-finance investing in the roots, so that everybody's got that that's what works. But we still look at technology as top-down mega-projects. Computing, communication, energy for the rest of the planet are these top-down mega-projects. If this room full of heroes is just clever enough, you can solve the problems. The message coming from the Fab Labs is that the other five billion people on the planet aren't just technical sinks; they're sources. The real opportunity is to harness the inventive power of the world to locally design and produce solutions to local problems. I thought that's the projection 20 years hence into the future, but it's where we are today. It breaks every organizational boundary we can think of. The hardest thing at this point is the social engineering and the organizational engineering, but it's here today. And, finally, any talk like this on the future of computing is required to show Moore's law, but my favorite version -- this is Gordon Moore's original one from his original paper -- and what's happened is, year after year after year, we've scaled and we've scaled and we've scaled and we've scaled, and we've scaled and we've scaled, and we've scaled and we've scaled, and there's this looming bug of what's going to happen at the end of Moore's law; this ultimate bug is coming. But we're coming to appreciate, is the transition from 2D to 3D, from programming bits to programming atoms, turns the ends of Moore's law scaling from the ultimate bug to the ultimate feature. So, we're just at the edge of this digital revolution in fabrication, where the output of computation programs the physical world. So, together, these two projects answer questions I hadn't asked carefully. The class at MIT shows the killer app for personal fabrication in the developed world is technology for a market of one: personal expression in technology that touches a passion unlike anything I've seen in technology for a very long time. And the killer app for the rest of the planet is the instrumentation and the fabrication divide: people locally developing solutions to local problems. Thank you.

A solar energy system that tracks the sun
Right when I was 15 was when I first got interested in solar energy. My family had moved from Fort Lee, New Jersey to California, from the snow to lots of heat, and gas lines. There was gas rationing in 1973. The energy crisis was in full bore. I started reading "Popular Science" magazine, and I got really excited about the potential of solar energy to try and solve that crisis. I had just taken trigonometry in high school, I learned about the parabola and how it could concentrate rays of light to a single focus. That got me very excited. And I really felt that there would be potential to build some kind of thing that could concentrate light. So, I started this company called Solar Devices. And this was a company where I built parabolas, I took metal shop, and I remember walking into metal shop building parabolas and Stirling engines. And I was building a Stirling engine over on the lathe, and all the motorcycle guys said, "You're building a bong, aren't you?" And I said, "No, it's a Stirling engine." But they didn't believe me. I sold the plans for this engine and for this dish in the back of "Popular Science" magazine, for four dollars each. And I earned enough money to pay for my first year of Caltech. It was a really big excitement for me to get into Caltech. And at my first year at Caltech, I continued the business. But then, in the second year of Caltech, they started grading. The whole first year was pass/fail, but the second year was graded. I wasn't able to keep up with the business, and I ended up with a 25-year detour. My dream had been to convert solar energy at a very practical cost, but then I had this big detour. First, the coursework at Caltech. Then, when I graduated from Caltech, the IBM PC came out, and I got addicted to the IBM PC in 1981. And then in 1983, Lotus 1-2-3 came out, and I was completely blown away by Lotus 1-2-3. I began operating my business with 1-2-3, began writing add-ins for 1-2-3, wrote a natural language interface to 1-2-3. I started an educational software company after I joined Lotus, and then I started Idealab so I could have a roof under which I could build multiple companies in succession. Much later -- in 2000, very recently -- the new California energy crisis -- what was purported to be a big energy crisis -- was coming. And I was trying to figure out if we could build something that would capitalize on that and get people backup energy, in case the crisis really came. And I started looking at how we could build battery backup systems that could give people five hours, 10 hours, maybe even a full day, or three days' worth of backup power. I'm glad you heard earlier today, batteries are unbelievably -- lack density compared to fuel. So much more energy can be stored with fuel than with batteries. You'd have to fill your entire parking space of one garage space just to give yourself four hours of battery backup. And I concluded, after researching every other technology that we could deploy for storing energy -- flywheels, different formulations of batteries -- it just wasn't practical to store energy. So what about making energy? Maybe we could make energy. I tried to figure out -- maybe solar's become attractive. It's been 25 years since I was doing this, let me go back and look at what's been happening with solar cells. And the price had gone down from 10 dollars a watt to about four or five dollars a watt, but it stabilized. And it needed to get much lower to be cost-effective. I studied all the new things that had happened in solar cells, and was looking for ways we could make solar cells more inexpensively. A lot of new things are happening to do that, but fundamentally, the process requires a tremendous amount of energy. Some people say it takes more energy to make a solar cell than it will give out in its entire life. If we reduce the amount of energy it takes to make the cells, that will become more practical. But right now, you pretty much have to take silicon, put it in an oven at 1600 F for 17 hours, to make the cells. A lot of people are working to try and reduce that, but I didn't have anything to contribute. So I tried to figure out what other way could we try to make cost-effective solar electricity. What if we collect the sun with a large reflector -- like I had been thinking about in high school, but maybe with modern technology we could make it cheaper -- concentrate it to a small converter, and then the conversion device wouldn't have to be as expensive, because it's much smaller, rather than solar cells, which have to cover the entire surface that you want to gather sun from. This seemed practical now, because a lot of new technologies had come in the 25 years since I had last looked at it. There was a lot of new manufacturing techniques, not to mention really cheap miniature motors -- brushless motors, servomotors, stepper motors, that are used in printers and scanners. So, that's a breakthrough. Of course, inexpensive microprocessors and a very important breakthrough -- genetic algorithms. I'll be very short on genetic algorithms. It's a powerful way of solving intractable problems using natural selection. You take a problem that you can't solve with a pure mathematical answer, you build an evolutionary system to try multiple tries at guessing, you add sex -- where you take half of one solution and half of another and then make new mutations -- and you use natural selection to kill off not-as-good solutions. Usually, with a genetic algorithm on a computer today, with a three gigahertz processor, you can solve many formerly intractable problems in just a matter of minutes. So we tried to come up with a way to use genetic algorithms to create a new type of concentrator. And I'll show you what we came up with. Traditionally, concentrators look like this. Those shapes are parabolas. They take all the parallel incoming rays and focus it to a single spot. They have to track the sun, because they have to point directly at the sun. They usually have a one degree acceptance angle -- once they're more than a degree off, none of the sunlight rays will hit the focus. So we tried to come up with a non-tracking collector that would gather much more than one degree of light, with no moving parts. So we created a genetic algorithm to try this out, we made a model in Excel of a multisurface reflector, and an amazing thing evolved, literally, from trying a billion cycles, a billion different attempts, with a fitness function that defined how can you collect the most light, from the most angles, over a day, from the sun. And this is the shape that evolved. It's this non-tracking collector with these six tuba-like horns, and each of them collect light in the following way -- if the sunlight strikes right here, it might bounce right to the center, the hot spot, directly, but if the sun is off axis and comes from the side, it might hit two places and take two bounces. So for direct light, it takes only one bounce, for off-axis light it might take two, and for extreme off-axis, it might take three. Your efficiency goes down with more bounces, because you lose about 10 percent with each bounce, but this allowed us to collect light from a plus or minus 25-degree angle. So, about two and a half hours of the day we could collect with a stationary component. Solar cells collect light for four and a half hours though. On an average adjusted day, a solar cell -- because the sun's moving across the sky, the solar cell is going down with a sine wave function of performance at the off-axis angles. It collects about four and a half average hours of sunlight a day. So even this, although it was great with no moving parts -- we could achieve high temperatures -- wasn't enough. We needed to beat solar cells. So we took a look at another idea. We looked at a way to break up a parabola into individual petals that would track. So what you see here is 12 separate petals that each could be controlled with individual microprocessors that would only cost a dollar. You can buy a two-megahertz microprocessor for a dollar now. And you can buy stepper motors that pretty much never wear out because they have no brushes, for a dollar. So we can control all 12 of these petals for under 50 dollars and what this would allow us to do is not have to move the focus any more, but only move the petals. The whole system would have a much lower profile, but also we could gather sunlight for six and a half to seven hours a day. Now that we have concentrated sunlight, what are we going to put at the center to convert sunlight to electricity? So we tried to look at all the different heat engines that have been used in history to convert sunlight or heat to electricity, And one of the great ones of all time, James Watt's steam engine of 1788 was a major breakthrough. James Watt didn't actually invent the steam engine, he just refined it. But his refinements were incredible. He added new linear motion guides to the pistons, he added a condenser to cool the steam outside the cylinder, he made the engine double-acting, so it had double the power. Those were major breakthroughs. All of the improvements he made -- and it's justifiable that our measure of energy, the watt, today is named after him. So we looked at this engine, and this had some potential. Steam engines are dangerous, and they had tremendous impact on the world -- industrial revolution and ships and locomotives. But they're usually good to be large, so they're not good for distributed power generation. They're also very high-pressure, so they're dangerous. Another type of engine is the hot air engine. And the hot air engine also was not invented by Robert Stirling, but Robert Stirling came along in 1816 and radically improved it. This engine, because it was so interesting -- it only worked on air, no steam -- has led to hundreds of creative designs over the years that use the Stirling engine principle. But after the Stirling engine, Otto came along, and also, he didn't invent the internal combustion engine, he just refined it. He showed it in Paris in 1867, and it was a major achievement because it brought the power density of the engine way up. You could now get a lot more power in a lot smaller space, and that allowed the engine to be used for mobile applications. So, once you have mobility, you're making a lot of engines because you've got lots of units, as opposed to steam ships or big factories, so this was the engine that ended up benefiting from mass production where all the other engines didn't. So, because it went into mass production, costs were reduced, 100 years of refinement, emissions were reduced, tremendous production value. There have been hundreds of millions of internal combustion engines built, compared to thousands of Stirling engines built. And not nearly as many small steam engines being built anymore, only large ones for big operations. So after looking at these three, and 47 others, we concluded that the Stirling engine would be the best one to use. I want to give you a brief explanation of how we looked at it and how it works. So we tried to look at the Stirling engine in a new way, because it was practical -- weight no longer mattered for our application. The internal combustion engine took off because weight mattered, because you were moving around. But if you're trying to generate solar energy in a static place the weight doesn't matter so much. We also discovered that efficiency doesn't matter so much if your energy source is free. Normally, efficiency is crucial because the fuel cost of your engine over its life dwarfs the cost of the engine. But if your fuel source is free, then the only thing that matters is the up-front capital cost of the engine. So you don't want to optimize for efficiency, you want to optimize for power per dollar. So using that new twist, with the new criteria, we thought we could relook at the Stirling engine, and also bring genetic algorithms in. Basically, Robert Stirling didn't have Gordon Moore before him to get us three gigahertz of processor power. So we took the same genetic algorithm that we used earlier to make that concentrator, which didn't work out for us, to optimize the Stirling engine, and make its design sizes and all of its dimensions the exact optimum to get the most power per dollar, irrespective of weight, irrespective of size, just to get the most conversion of solar energy, because the sun is free. And that's the process we took -- let me show you how the engine works. The simplest heat engine, or hot air engine, of all time would be this -- take a box, a steel canister, with a piston. Put a flame under it, the piston moves up. Take it off the flame and pour water on it, or let it cool down, the piston moves down. That's a heat engine. That's the most fundamental heat engine you could have. The problem is the efficiency is one hundredth of one percent, because you're heating all the metal of the chamber and then cooling all the metal of the chamber each time. And you're only getting power from the air that's heating at the same time, but you're wasting energy heating and cooling the metal. So someone came up with a very clever idea. Instead of heating and cooling the whole cylinder, what about if you put a displacer inside -- a little thing that shuttles the air back and forth. You move that up and down with a little bit of energy but now you're only shifting the air down to the hot end and up to the cold end. So, now you're not alternately heating and cooling the metal, just the air. That allows you to get the efficiency up from a hundredth of a percent to about two percent. And then Robert Stirling came along with this genius idea, which was, well, I'm still not heating the metal now, with this kind of engine, but I'm still reheating all the air. I'm still heating the air every time and cooling the air every time. What about if I put a thermal sponge in the middle, in the passageway between where the air has to move between hot and cold? So he made fine wires, and cracked glass, and all different kinds of materials to be a heat sponge. So when the air pushes up to go from the hot end to the cold end, it puts some heat into the sponge. And then when the air comes back after it's been cooled, it picks up that heat again. So you're reusing your energy five or six times, and that brings the efficiency up to between 30 and 40 percent. It's a little known, but brilliant, genius invention of Robert Stirling that takes the hot air engine from being somewhat impractical -- like I found out when I made the real simple version in high school -- to very potentially possible, once you get the efficiency up, if you can design this to be low enough cost. So we really set out on a path to try and make the lowest cost possible. We built a huge mathematical model of how a Stirling engine works. We applied the genetic algorithm. We got the results from that for the optimal engine. We built engines -- so we built 100 different engines over the last two years. We measured each one, we readjusted the model to what we measured, and then we led that to the current prototype. It led to a very compact, inexpensive engine, and this is what the engine looks like. Let me show you what it looks like in real life. So this is the engine. It's just a small cylinder down here, which holds the generator inside and all the linkage, and it's the hot cap -- the hot cylinder on the top -- this part gets hot, this part is cool, and electricity comes out. The exact converse is also true. If you put electricity in, this will get hot and this will get cold, you get refrigeration. So it's a complete reversible cycle, a very efficient cycle, and quite a simple thing to make. So now you put the two things together. So you have the engine. What if you combine the petals and the engine in the center? The petals track and the engine gets the concentrated sunlight, takes that heat and turns it into electricity. This is what the first prototype of our system looked like with the petals and the engine in the center. This is being run out in the sun, and now I want to show you what the actual thing looks like. (Applause) Thank you. So this is a unit with the 12 petals. These petals cost about a dollar each -- they're lightweight, injection-molded plastic, aluminized. The mechanism to control each petal is below there, with a microprocessor on each one. There are thermocouples on the engine -- little sensors that detect the heat when the sunlight strikes them. Each petal adjusts itself separately to keep the highest temperature on it. When the sun comes out in the morning, the petals will seek the sun, find it by searching for the highest temperature. About a minute and a half or two minutes after the rays are striking the hot cap the engine will be warm enough to start and then the engine will generate electricity for about six and a half hours a day -- six and a half to seven hours as the sun moves across the sky. A critical part that we can take advantage of is that we have these inexpensive microprocessors and each of these petals is autonomous, and each of these petals figures out where the sun is with no user setup. So you don't have to tell what latitude, longitude you're at, what your roof slope angle is, or what orientation. It doesn't really care. What it does is it searches to find the hottest spot, it searches again a half an hour later, a day later, a month later. It basically figures out where on Earth you are by watching the direction the sun moves, so you don't have to actually enter anything about that. The way the unit works is, when the sun comes out, the engine will start and you get power out here. We have AC and DC, get 12 volts DC, so that could be used for certain applications. We have an inverter in there, so you get 117 volts AC. And you also get hot water. The hot water's optional. You don't have to use it, it will cool itself. But you can use it to optionally heat hot water and that brings the efficiency up even higher because some of the heat that you'd normally be rejecting, you can now use as useful energy, whether it's for a pool or hot water. Let me show you a quick movie of what this looks like running. This is the first test where we took it outside and each of the petals were individually seeking. And what they do is step, very coarsely at first, and very finely afterward. Once they get a temperature reading on the thermocouple indicating they found the sun, they slow down and do a fine search. Then the petals will move into position, and the engine will start. We've been working on this for the last two years. We're very excited about the progress, we have a long way to go though. This is how we envision it would be in a residential installation: you'd probably have more than one unit on your roof. It could be on your roof, your backyard, or somewhere else. You don't have to have enough units to power your entire house, you just save money with each incremental one you add. So you're still using the grid potentially, in this type of application, to be your backup supply -- of course, you can't use these at night, and you can't use these on cloudy days. But by reducing your energy use, pretty much at the peak times -- usually when you have your air conditioning on, or other times like that -- this generates the peak power at the peak usage time, so it's very complementary in that sense. This is how we would envision a residential application. We also think there's very big potential for energy farms, especially in remote land where there happens to be a lot of sun. It's a really good combination of those two factors. It turns out there's a lot of powerful sun all around the world, obviously, but in special places where it happens to be relatively inexpensive to place these and also in many more places where there is high wind power. So an example of that is, here's the map of the United States. Pretty much everywhere that's not green or blue is a really ideal place, but even the green or blue areas are good, just not as good as the places that are red, orange and yellow. But the hot spot right around Las Vegas and Death Valley is very good. And is only affects the payback period, it doesn't mean that you couldn't use solar energy; you could use it anywhere on Earth. It just affects the payback period if you're comparing to grid-supplied electricity. But if you don't have grid-supplied electricity, then the question of payback is a different one entirely. It's just how many watts do you get per dollar, and how could you benefit from that to change your life in some way. This is the map of the whole Earth, and you can see a huge swathe in the middle where a large part of the population is, there's tremendous chances for solar energy. And of course, look at Africa. The potential to take advantage of solar energy there is unbelievable, and I'm really excited to talk more about finding ways we can help with that. So, in conclusion, I would say my journey has shown me that you can revisit old ideas in a new light, and sometimes ideas that have been discarded in the past can be practical now if you apply some new technology or new twists. We believe we're getting very close to something practical and affordable. Our short-term goal for this is to be half the price of solar cells and our longer-term goal is to be less than a five-year payback. And at less than a five-year payback, this becomes very economic. So you don't have to just have a feel-good attitude about energy to want to have one of these. It just makes economic sense. Right now, solar paybacks are between 30 and 50 years. If you get it down below five years, then it's almost a no-brainer because the interest to own it -- someone else will finance it for you and you can just make money from day one. So that's our real powerful goal that we're really shooting for in the company. Two other things that I learned that were very surprising to me -- one was how casual we are about energy. I was walking from the elevator over here, and even just looking at the stage right now -- so there's probably 20,500-watt lights right now. There's 10,000 watts of light pouring on the stage, one horsepower is 746 watts, at full power. So there's basically 15 horses running at full speed just to keep the stage lit. Not to mention the 200 horses that are probably running right now to keep the air-conditioning going. And it's just amazing, walk in the elevator, and there's lights on in the elevator. Of course, now I'm very sensitive at home when we leave the lights on by mistake. But, everywhere around us we have insatiable use for energy because it's so cheap. And it's cheap because we've been subsidized by energy that's been concentrated by the sun. Basically, oil is solar-energy concentrate. It's been pounded for a billion years with a lot of energy to make it have all that energy contained in it. And we don't have a birthright to just use that up as fast as we are, I think. And it would be great if we could make our energy usage renewable, where as we're using the energy, we're creating it at the same pace, and I really hope we can get there. Thank you very much, you've been a great audience.

A better way to harvest bone marrow
So I am a pediatric cancer doctor and stem-cell researcher at Stanford University where my clinical focus has been bone marrow transplantation. Now, inspired by Jill Bolte Taylor last year, I didn't bring a human brain, but I did bring a liter of bone marrow. And bone marrow is actually what we use to save the lives of tens of thousands of patients, most of whom have advanced malignancies like leukemia and lymphoma and some other diseases. So, a few years ago, I'm doing my transplant fellowship at Stanford. I'm in the operating room. We have Bob here, who is a volunteer donor. We're sending his marrow across the country to save the life of a child with leukemia. So actually how do we harvest this bone marrow? Well we have a whole O.R. team, general anesthesia, nurses, and another doctor across from me. Bob's on the table, and we take this sort of small needle, you know, not too big. And the way we do this is we basically place this through the soft tissue, and kind of punch it into the hard bone, into the tuchus -- that's a technical term -- and aspirate about 10 mls of bone marrow out, each time, with a syringe. And hand it off to the nurse. She squirts it into a tin. Hands it back to me. And we do that again and again. About 200 times usually. And by the end of this my arm is sore, I've got a callus on my hand, let alone Bob, whose rear end looks something more like this, like Swiss cheese. So I'm thinking, you know, this procedure hasn't changed in about 40 years. And there is probably a better way to do this. So I thought of a minimally invasive approach, and a new device that we call the Marrow Miner. This is it. And the Marrow Miner, the way it works is shown here. Our standard see-through patient. Instead of entering the bone dozens of times, we enter just once, into the front of the hip or the back of the hip. And we have a flexible, powered catheter with a special wire loop tip that stays inside the crunchy part of the marrow and follows the contours of the hip, as it moves around. So it enables you to very rapidly aspirate, or suck out, rich bone marrow very quickly through one hole. We can do multiple passes through that same entry. No robots required. And, so, very quickly, Bob can just get one puncture, local anesthesia, and do this harvest as an outpatient. So I did a few prototypes. I got a small little grant at Stanford. And played around with this a little bit. And our team members developed this technology. And eventually we got two large animals, and pig studies. And we found, to our surprise, that we not only got bone marrow out, but we got 10 times the stem cell activity in the marrow from the Marrow Miner, compared to the normal device. This device was just FDA approved in the last year. Here is a live patient. You can see it following the flexible curves around. There will be two passes here, in the same patient, from the same hole. This was done under local anesthesia, as an outpatient. And we got, again, about three to six times more stem cells than the standard approach done on the same patient. So why should you care? Bone marrow is a very rich source of adult stem cells. You all know about embryonic stem cells. They've got great potential but haven't yet entered clinical trials. Adult stem cells are throughout our body, including the blood-forming stem cells in our bone marrow, which we've been using as a form of stem-cell therapy for over 40 years. In the last decade there's been an explosion of use of bone marrow stem cells to treat the patient's other diseases such as heart disease, vascular disease, orthopedics, tissue engineering, even in neurology to treat Parkinson's and diabetes. We've just come out, we're commercializing, this year, generation 2.0 of the Marrow Miner. The hope is that this gets more stem cells out, which translates to better outcomes. It may encourage more people to sign up to be potential live-saving bone marrow donors. It may even enable you to bank your own marrow stem cells, when you're younger and healthier, to use in the future should you need it. And ultimately -- and here's a picture of our bone marrow transplant survivors, who come together for a reunion each year at Stanford. Hopefully this technology will let us have more of these survivors in the future. Thanks. (Applause)

Improvising on piano, aged 14
(Music) (Music ends) (Applause) Thank you! (Applause continues) Thank you very much. Like the speaker before me -- I am a TED virgin, I guess. I'm also the first time here, and ... (Laughter) I don't know what to say! (Applause) I'm really happy that Mr. Anderson invited me. I'm really grateful that I get a chance to play for everyone. And the song that I just played was by Josef Hofmann. It's called "Kaleidoscope." And Hofmann is a Polish pianist and composer of the late 19th century, and he's widely considered one of the greatest pianists of all time. I have another piece that I'd like to play for you. It's called "Abegg Variations," by Robert Schumann, a German 19th-century composer. The name "Abegg" is actually A-B-E-G-G, and that's the main theme in the melody. (Plays the notes A, B, E, G and G) That comes from the last name of one of Schumann's female friends. (Laughter) But he wrote that for his wife. (Laughter) So actually, if you listen carefully, there are supposed to be five variations on this Abegg theme. It's written around 1834, so even though it's old, I hope you'll like it. (Music) (Music ends) (Applause) Now comes the part that I hate. Well, because Mr. Anderson told me that this session is called "Sync and Flow," I was wondering, "What do I know that these geniuses don't?" (Laughter) So, I'll talk about musical composition, even though I don't know where to start. How do I compose? I think Yamaha does a really good job of teaching us how to compose. What I do first is, I make a lot of little musical ideas you can just improvise here at the piano -- and I choose one of those to become my main theme, my main melody, like the Abegg that you just heard. And once I choose my main theme, I have to decide: Out of all the styles in music, what kind of style do I want? And this year, I composed a Romantic style. So for inspiration, I listened to Liszt and Tchaikovsky and all the great Romantic composers. Next, I make the structure of the entire piece with my teachers. They help me plan out the whole piece. And then the hard part is filling it in with musical ideas, because then you have to think. (Laughter) And then, when the piece takes somewhat of a solified form -- solidified, excuse me -- solidified form, you're supposed to actually polish the piece, polish the details, and then polish the overall performance of the composition. And another thing that I enjoy doing is drawing. Drawing, because I like to draw, you know, Japanese anime art. I think that's a craze among teens right now. And once I realized it, there's a parallel between creating music and creating art, because for your motive, or your little initial idea for your drawing, it's your character -- you want to decide who you want to draw, or if you want to draw an original character. And then you want to decide: How are you going to draw the character? Like, am I going to use one page? Am I going to draw it on the computer? Am I going to use a two-page spread like a comic book? For a more grandiose effect, I guess. And then you have to do the initial sketch of the character, which is like your structure of a piece, and then you add pen and pencil, and whatever details that you need -- that's polishing the drawing. And another thing that both of these have in common is your state of mind, because I know I'm one of those teenagers that are really easily distracted. So if I'm trying to do homework and I don't feel like it, I'll try to draw or, you know, waste my time. And then what happens is, sometimes I absolutely can't draw or I can't compose at all, and then it's like there's too much on your mind. You can't focus on what you're supposed to do. And sometimes, if you manage to use your time wisely and work on it, you'll get something out of it, but it doesn't come naturally. What happens is, if something magical happens, if something natural happens to you, you're able to produce all this beautiful stuff instantly, and then that's what I consider "flow," because that's when everything clicks and you're able to do anything. You feel like you're on top of your game and you can do anything you want. I'm not going to play my own composition today because, although I did finish it, it's way too long. Instead, I'd like to try something called "improvisation." I have here seven note cards, one with each note of the musical alphabet. And I'd like someone to come up here and choose five -- anyone to come up here and choose five -- and then I can make it into some sort of melody, and I'll improvise it. Wow. A volunteer, yay! (Laughter) (Applause) Jennifer Lin: Nice to meet you. Goldie Hawn: Thank you. Choose five? JL: Yes, five cards. Any five cards. GH: OK, one. JL: OK. GH: Two. JL: Yes. GH: Three. GH: Oh, D and F -- too familiar. (Laughter) JL: One more. GH: OK. "E" for "effort." JL: Would you mind reading them out in the order that you chose them? GH: OK -- C, G, B, A and E. JL: Thank you very much! GH: You're welcome. And what about these? JL: I won't use them. Thank you! (Applause) Now, she chose C, G, B, A, E. I'm going to try to put that in some sort of order. (Plays notes) OK, that's nice. So, I'm going to have a moment to think, and I'll try to make something out of it. (Plays the five notes) (Music) (Music ends) (Applause) The next song, or the encore that I'm going to play is called "Bumble Boogie," by Jack Fina. (Applause) (Music) (Music ends) (Applause)

Fusion is energy's future
The key question is, "When are we going to get fusion?" It's really been a long time since we've known about fusion. We've known about fusion since 1920, when Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington and the British Association for the Advancement of Science conjectured that that's why the sun shines. I've always been very worried about resource. I don't know about you, but when my mother gave me food, I always sorted the ones I disliked from the ones I liked. And I ate the disliked ones first, because the ones you like, you want to save. And as a child you're always worried about resource. And once it was sort of explained to me how fast we were using up the world's resources, I got very upset, about as upset as I did when I realized that the Earth will only last about five billion years before it's swallowed by the sun. Big events in my life, a strange child. (Laughter) Energy, at the moment, is dominated by resource. The countries that make a lot of money out of energy have something underneath them. Coal-powered industrial revolution in this country -- oil, gas, sorry. (Laughter) Gas, I'm probably the only person who really enjoys it when Mister Putin turns off the gas tap, because my budget goes up. We're really dominated now by those things that we're using up faster and faster and faster. And as we try to lift billions of people out of poverty in the Third World, in the developing world, we're using energy faster and faster. And those resources are going away. And the way we'll make energy in the future is not from resource, it's really from knowledge. If you look 50 years into the future, the way we probably will be making energy is probably one of these three, with some wind, with some other things, but these are going to be the base load energy drivers. Solar can do it, and we certainly have to develop solar. But we have a lot of knowledge to gain before we can make solar the base load energy supply for the world. Fission. Our government is going to put in six new nuclear power stations. They're going to put in six new nuclear power stations, and probably more after that. China is building nuclear power stations. Everybody is. Because they know that that is one sure way to do carbon-free energy. But if you wanted to know what the perfect energy source is, the perfect energy source is one that doesn't take up much space, has a virtually inexhaustible supply, is safe, doesn't put any carbon into the atmosphere, doesn't leave any long-lived radioactive waste: it's fusion. But there is a catch. Of course there is always a catch in these cases. Fusion is very hard to do. We've been trying for 50 years. Okay. What is fusion? Here comes the nuclear physics. And sorry about that, but this is what turns me on. (Laughter) I was a strange child. Nuclear energy comes for a simple reason. The most stable nucleus is iron, right in the middle of the periodic table. It's a medium-sized nucleus. And you want to go towards iron if you want to get energy. So, uranium, which is very big, wants to split. But small atoms want to join together, small nuclei want to join together to make bigger ones to go towards iron. And you can get energy out this way. And indeed that's exactly what stars do. In the middle of stars, you're joining hydrogen together to make helium and then helium together to make carbon, to make oxygen, all the things that you're made of are made in the middle of stars. But it's a hard process to do because, as you know, the middle of a star is quite hot, almost by definition. And there is one reaction that's probably the easiest fusion reaction to do. It's between two isotopes of hydrogen, two kinds of hydrogen: deuterium, which is heavy hydrogen, which you can get from seawater, and tritium which is super-heavy hydrogen. These two nuclei, when they're far apart, are charged. And you push them together and they repel. But when you get them close enough, something called the strong force starts to act and pulls them together. So, most of the time they repel. You get them closer and closer and closer and then at some point the strong force grips them together. For a moment they become helium 5, because they've got five particles inside them. So, that's that process there. Deuterium and tritium goes together makes helium 5. Helium splits out, and a neutron comes out and lots of energy comes out. If you can get something to about 150 million degrees, things will be rattling around so fast that every time they collide in just the right configuration, this will happen, and it will release energy. And that energy is what powers fusion. And it's this reaction that we want to do. There is one trickiness about this reaction. Well, there is a trickiness that you have to make it 150 million degrees, but there is a trickiness about the reaction yet. It's pretty hot. The trickiness about the reaction is that tritium doesn't exist in nature. You have to make it from something else. And you make if from lithium. That reaction at the bottom, that's lithium 6, plus a neutron, will give you more helium, plus tritium. And that's the way you make your tritium. But fortunately, if you can do this fusion reaction, you've got a neutron, so you can make that happen. Now, why the hell would we bother to do this? This is basically why we would bother to do it. If you just plot how much fuel we've got left, in units of present world consumption. And as you go across there you see a few tens of years of oil -- the blue line, by the way, is the lowest estimate of existing resources. And the yellow line is the most optimistic estimate. And as you go across there you will see that we've got a few tens of years, and perhaps 100 years of fossil fuels left. And god knows we don't really want to burn all of it, because it will make an awful lot of carbon in the air. And then we get to uranium. And with current reactor technology we really don't have very much uranium. And we will have to extract uranium from sea water, which is the yellow line, to make conventional nuclear power stations actually do very much for us. This is a bit shocking, because in fact our government is relying on that for us to meet Kyoto, and do all those kind of things. To go any further you would have to have breeder technology. And breeder technology is fast breeders. And that's pretty dangerous. The big thing, on the right, is the lithium we have in the world. And lithium is in sea water. That's the yellow line. And we have 30 million years worth of fusion fuel in sea water. Everybody can get it. That's why we want to do fusion. Is it cost-competitive? We make estimates of what we think it would cost to actually make a fusion power plant. And we get within about the same price as current electricity. So, how would we make it? We have to hold something at 150 million degrees. And, in fact, we've done this. We hold it with a magnetic field. And inside it, right in the middle of this toroidal shape, doughnut shape, right in the middle is 150 million degrees. It boils away in the middle at 150 million degrees. And in fact we can make fusion happen. And just down the road, this is JET. It's the only machine in the world that's actually done fusion. When people say fusion is 30 years away, and always will be, I say, "Yeah, but we've actually done it." Right? We can do fusion. In the center of this device we made 16 megawatts of fusion power in 1997. And in 2013 we're going to fire it up again and break all those records. But that's not really fusion power. That's just making some fusion happen. We've got to take that, we've got to make that into a fusion reactor. Because we want 30 million years worth of fusion power for the Earth. This is the device we're building now. It gets very expensive to do this research. It turns out you can't do fusion on a table top despite all that cold fusion nonsense. Right? You can't. You have to do it in a very big device. More than half the world's population is involved in building this device in southern France, which is a nice place to put an experiment. Seven nations are involved in building this. It's going to cost us 10 billion. And we'll produce half a gigawatt of fusion power. But that's not electricity yet. We have to get to this. We have to get to a power plant. We have to start putting electricity on the grid in this very complex technology. And I'd really like it to happen a lot faster than it is. But at the moment, all we can imagine is sometime in the 2030s. I wish this were different. We really need it now. We're going to have a problem with power in the next five years in this country. So 2030 looks like an infinity away. But we can't abandon it now; we have to push forward, get fusion to happen. I wish we had more money, I wish we had more resources. But this is what we're aiming at, sometime in the 2030s -- real electric power from fusion. Thank you very much. (Applause)

One day of peace
I was basically concerned about what was going on in the world. I couldn't understand the starvation, the destruction, the killing of innocent people. Making sense of those things is a very difficult thing to do. And when I was 12, I became an actor. I was bottom of the class. I haven't got any qualifications. I was told I was dyslexic. In fact, I have got qualifications. I got a D in pottery, which was the one thing that I did get -- which was useful, obviously. And so concern is where all of this comes from. And then, being an actor, I was doing these different kinds of things, and I felt the content of the work that I was involved in really wasn't cutting it, that there surely had to be more. And at that point, I read a book by Frank Barnaby, this wonderful nuclear physicist, and he said that media had a responsibility, that all sectors of society had a responsibility to try and progress things and move things forward. And that fascinated me, because I'd been messing around with a camera most of my life. And then I thought, well maybe I could do something. Maybe I could become a filmmaker. Maybe I can use the form of film constructively to in some way make a difference. Maybe there's a little change I can get involved in. So I started thinking about peace, and I was obviously, as I said to you, very much moved by these images, trying to make sense of that. Could I go and speak to older and wiser people who would tell me how they made sense of the things that are going on? Because it's obviously incredibly frightening. But I realized that, having been messing around with structure as an actor, that a series of sound bites in itself wasn't enough, that there needed to be a mountain to climb, there needed to be a journey that I had to take. And if I took that journey, no matter whether it failed or succeeded, it would be completely irrelevant. The point was that I would have something to hook the questions of -- is humankind fundamentally evil? Is the destruction of the world inevitable? Should I have children? Is that a responsible thing to do? Etc., etc. So I was thinking about peace, and then I was thinking, well where's the starting point for peace? And that was when I had the idea. There was no starting point for peace. There was no day of global unity. There was no day of intercultural cooperation. There was no day when humanity came together, separate in all of those things and just shared it together -- that we're in this together, and that if we united and we interculturally cooperated, then that might be the key to humanity's survival. That might shift the level of consciousness around the fundamental issues that humanity faces -- if we did it just for a day. So obviously we didn't have any money. I was living at my mom's place. And we started writing letters to everybody. You very quickly work out what is it that you've got to do to fathom that out. How do you create a day voted by every single head of state in the world to create the first ever Ceasefire Nonviolence Day, the 21st of September? And I wanted it to be the 21st of September because it was my granddad's favorite number. He was a prisoner of war. He saw the bomb go off at Nagasaki. It poisoned his blood. He died when I was 11. So he was like my hero. And the reason why 21 was the number is 700 men left, 23 came back, two died on the boat and 21 hit the ground. And that's why we wanted it to be the 21st of September as the date of peace. So we began this journey, and we launched it in 1999. And we wrote to heads of state, their ambassadors, Nobel Peace laureates, NGOs, faiths, various organizations -- literally wrote to everybody. And very quickly, some letters started coming back. And we started to build this case. And I remember the first letter. One of the first letters was from the Dalai Lama. And of course we didn't have the money; we were playing guitars and getting the money for the stamps that we were sending out all of [this mail]. A letter came through from the Dalai Lama saying, "This is an amazing thing. Come and see me. I'd love to talk to you about the first ever day of peace." And we didn't have money for the flight. And I rang Sir Bob Ayling, who was CEO of BA at the time, and said, "Mate, we've got this invitation. Could you give me a flight? Because we're going to go see him." And of course, we went and saw him and it was amazing. And then Dr. Oscar Arias came forward. And actually, let me go back to that slide, because when we launched it in 1999 -- this idea to create the first ever day of ceasefire and non-violence -- we invited thousands of people. Well not thousands -- hundreds of people, lots of people -- all the press, because we were going to try and create the first ever World Peace Day, a peace day. And we invited everybody, and no press showed up. There were 114 people there -- they were mostly my friends and family. And that was kind of like the launch of this thing. But it didn't matter because we were documenting, and that was the thing. For me, it was really about the process. It wasn't about the end result. And that's the beautiful thing about the camera. They used to say the pen is mightier than the sword. I think the camera is. And just staying in the moment with it was a beautiful thing and really empowering actually. So anyway, we began the journey. And here you see people like Mary Robinson, I went to see in Geneva. I'm cutting my hair, it's getting short and long, because every time I saw Kofi Annan, I was so worried that he thought I was a hippie that I cut it, and that was kind of what was going on. (Laughter) Yeah, I'm not worried about it now. So Mary Robinson, she said to me, "Listen, this is an idea whose time has come. This must be created." Kofi Annan said, "This will be beneficial to my troops on the ground." The OAU at the time, led by Salim Ahmed Salim, said, "I must get the African countries involved." Dr. Oscar Arias, Nobel Peace laureate, president now of Costa Rica, said, "I'll do everything that I can." So I went and saw Amr Moussa at the League of Arab States. I met Mandela at the Arusha peace talks, and so on and so on and so on -- while I was building the case to prove whether this idea would make sense. And then we were listening to the people. We were documenting everywhere. 76 countries in the last 12 years, I've visited. And I've always spoken to women and children wherever I've gone. I've recorded 44,000 young people. I've recorded about 900 hours of their thoughts. I'm really clear about how young people feel when you talk to them about this idea of having a starting point for their actions for a more peaceful world through their poetry, their art, their literature, their music, their sport, whatever it might be. And we were listening to everybody. And it was an incredibly thing, working with the U.N. and working with NGOs and building this case. I felt that I was presenting a case on behalf of the global community to try and create this day. And the stronger the case and the more detailed it was, the better chance we had of creating this day. And it was this stuff, this, where I actually was in the beginning kind of thinking no matter what happened, it didn't actually matter. It didn't matter if it didn't create a day of peace. The fact is that, if I tried and it didn't work, then I could make a statement about how unwilling the global community is to unite -- until, it was in Somalia, picking up that young girl. And this young child who'd taken about an inch and a half out of her leg with no antiseptic, and that young boy who was a child soldier, who told me he'd killed people -- he was about 12 -- these things made me realize that this was not a film that I could just stop. And that actually, at that moment something happened to me, which obviously made me go, "I'm going to document. If this is the only film that I ever make, I'm going to document until this becomes a reality." Because we've got to stop, we've got to do something where we unite -- separate from all the politics and religion that, as a young person, is confusing me. I don't know how to get involved in that process. And then on the seventh of September, I was invited to New York. The Costa Rican government and the British government had put forward to the United Nations General Assembly, with 54 co-sponsors, the idea of the first ever Ceasefire Nonviolence Day, the 21st of September, as a fixed calendar date, and it was unanimously adopted by every head of state in the world. (Applause) Yeah, but there were hundreds of individuals, obviously, who made that a reality. And thank you to all of them. That was an incredible moment. I was at the top of the General Assembly just looking down into it and seeing it happen. And as I mentioned, when it started, we were at the Globe, and there was no press. And now I was thinking, "Well, the press it really going to hear this story." And suddenly, we started to institutionalize this day. Kofi Annan invited me on the morning of September the 11th to do a press conference. And it was 8:00 AM when I stood there. And I was waiting for him to come down, and I knew that he was on his way. And obviously he never came down. The statement was never made. The world was never told there was a day of global ceasefire and nonviolence. And it was obviously a tragic moment for the thousands of people who lost their lives, there and then subsequently all over the world. It never happened. And I remember thinking, "This is exactly why, actually, we have to work even harder. And we have to make this day work. It's been created; nobody knows. But we have to continue this journey, and we have to tell people, and we have to prove it can work." And I left New York freaked, but actually empowered. And I felt inspired by the possibilities that if it did, then maybe we wouldn't see things like that. I remember putting that film out and going to cynics. I was showing the film, and I remember being in Israel and getting it absolutely slaughtered by some guys having watched the film -- that it's just a day of peace, it doesn't mean anything. It's not going to work; you're not going to stop the fighting in Afghanistan; the Taliban won't listen, etc., etc. It's just symbolism. And that was even worse than actually what had just happened in many ways, because it couldn't not work. I'd spoken in Somalia, Burundi, Gaza, the West Bank, India, Sri Lanka, Congo, wherever it was, and they'd all tell me, "If you can create a window of opportunity, we can move aid, we can vaccinate children. Children can lead their projects. They can unite. They can come together. If people would stop, lives will be saved." That's what I'd heard. And I'd heard that from the people who really understood what conflict was about. And so I went back to the United Nations. I decided that I'd continue filming and make another movie. And I went back to the U.N. for another couple of years. We started moving around the corridors of the U.N. system, governments and NGOs, trying desperately to find somebody to come forward and have a go at it, see if we could make it possible. And after lots and lots of meetings obviously, I'm delighted that this man, Ahmad Fawzi, one of my heroes and mentors really, he managed to get UNICEF involved. And UNICEF, God bless them, they said, "Okay, we'll have a go." And then UNAMA became involved in Afghanistan. It was historical. Could it work in Afghanistan with UNAMA and WHO and civil society, etc., etc., etc.? And I was getting it all on film and I was recording it, and I was thinking, "This is it. This is the possibility of it maybe working. But even if it doesn't, at least the door is open and there's a chance." And so I went back to London, and I went and saw this chap, Jude Law. And I saw him because he was an actor, I was an actor, I had a connection to him, because we needed to get to the press, we needed this attraction, we needed the media to be involved. Because if we start pumping it up a bit maybe more people would listen and there'd be more -- when we got into certain areas, maybe there would be more people interested. And maybe we'd be helped financially a little bit more, which had been desperately difficult. I won't go into that. So Jude said, "Okay, I'll do some statements for you." While I was filming these statements, he said to me, "Where are you going next?" I said, "I'm going to go to Afghanistan." He said, "Really?" And I could sort of see a little look in his eye of interest. So I said to him, "Do you want to come with me? It'd be really interesting if you came. It would help and bring attention. And that attention would help leverage the situation, as well as all of the other sides of it." I think there's a number of pillars to success. One is you've got to have a great idea. The other is you've got to have a constituency, you've got to have finance, and you've got to be able to raise awareness. And actually I could never raise awareness by myself, no matter what I'd achieved. So these guys were absolutely crucial. So he said yes, and we found ourselves in Afghanistan. It was a really incredible thing that when we landed there, I was talking to various people, and they were saying to me, "You've got to get everybody involved here. You can't just expect it to work. You have to get out and work." And we did, and we traveled around, and we spoke to elders, we spoke to doctors, we spoke to nurses, we held press conferences, we went out with soldiers, we sat down with ISAF, we sat down with NATO, we sat down with the U.K. government. I mean, we basically sat down with everybody -- in and out of schools with ministers of education, holding these press conferences, which of course, now were loaded with press, everybody was there. There was an interest in what was going on. This amazing woman, Fatima Gailani, was absolutely instrumental in what went on as she was the spokesperson for the resistance against the Russians. And her Afghan network was just absolutely everywhere. And she was really crucial in getting the message in. And then we went home. We'd sort of done it. We had to wait now and see what happened. And I got home, and I remember one of the team bringing in a letter to me from the Taliban. And that letter basically said, "We'll observe this day. We will observe this day. We see it as a window of opportunity. And we will not engage. We're not going to engage." And that meant that humanitarian workers wouldn't be kidnapped or killed. And then suddenly, I obviously knew at this point, there was a chance. And days later, 1.6 million children were vaccinated against polio as a consequence of everybody stopping. (Applause) And like the General Assembly, obviously the most wonderful, wonderful moment. And so then we wrapped the film up and we put it together because we had to go back. We put it into Dari and Pashto. We put it in the local dialects. We went back to Afghanistan, because the next year was coming, and we wanted to support. But more importantly, we wanted to go back, because these people in Afghanistan were the heroes. They were the people who believed in peace and the possibilities of it, etc., etc. -- and they made it real. And we wanted to go back and show them the film and say, "Look, you guys made this possible. And thank you very much." And we gave the film over. Obviously it was shown, and it was amazing. And then that year, that year, 2008, this ISAF statement from Kabul, Afghanistan, September 17th: "General Stanley McChrystal, commander of international security assistance forces in Afghanistan, announced today ISAF will not conduct offensive military operations on the 21st of September." They were saying they would stop. And then there was this other statement that came out from the U.N. Department of Security and Safety saying that, in Afghanistan, because of this work, the violence was down by 70 percent. 70 percent reduction in violence on this day at least. And that completely blew my mind almost more than anything. And I remember being stuck in New York, this time because of the volcano, which was obviously much less harmful. And I was there thinking about what was going on. And I kept thinking about this 70 percent. 70 percent reduction in violence -- in what everyone said was completely impossible and you couldn't do. And that made me think that, if we can get 70 percent in Afghanistan, then surely we can get 70 percent reduction everywhere. We have to go for a global truce. We have to utilize this day of ceasefire and nonviolence and go for a global truce, go for the largest recorded cessation of hostilities, both domestically and internationally, ever recorded. That's exactly what we must do. And on the 21st of September this year, we're going to launch that campaign at the O2 Arena to go for that process, to try and create the largest recorded cessation of hostilities. And we will utilize all kinds of things -- have a dance and social media and visiting on Facebook and visit the website, sign the petition. And it's in the six official languages of the United Nations. And we'll globally link with government, inter-government, non-government, education, unions, sports. And you can see the education box there. We've got resources at the moment in 174 countries trying to get young people to be the driving force behind the vision of that global truce. And obviously the life-saving is increased, the concepts help. Linking up with the Olympics -- I went and saw Seb Coe. I said, "London 2012 is about truce. Ultimately, that's what it's about." Why don't we all team up? Why don't we bring truce to life? Why don't you support the process of the largest ever global truce? We'll make a new film about this process. We'll utilize sport and football. On the Day of Peace, there's thousands of football matches all played, from the favelas of Brazil to wherever it might be. So, utilizing all of these ways to inspire individual action. And ultimately, we have to try that. We have to work together. And when I stand here in front of all of you, and the people who will watch these things, I'm excited, on behalf of everybody I've met, that there is a possibility that our world could unite, that we could come together as one, that we could lift the level of consciousness around the fundamental issues, brought about by individuals. I was with Brahimi, Ambassador Brahimi. I think he's one of the most incredible men in relation to international politics -- in Afghanistan, in Iraq. He's an amazing man. And I sat with him a few weeks ago. And I said to him, "Mr. Brahimi, is this nuts, going for a global truce? Is this possible? Is it really possible that we could do this?" He said, "It's absolutely possible." I said, "What would you do? Would you go to governments and lobby and use the system?" He said, "No, I'd talk to the individuals." It's all about the individuals. It's all about you and me. It's all about partnerships. It's about your constituencies; it's about your businesses. Because together, by working together, I seriously think we can start to change things. And there's a wonderful man sitting in this audience, and I don't know where he is, who said to me a few days ago -- because I did a little rehearsal -- and he said, "I've been thinking about this day and imagining it as a square with 365 squares, and one of them is white." And it then made me think about a glass of water, which is clear. If you put one drop, one drop of something, in that water, it'll change it forever. By working together, we can create peace one day. Thank you TED. Thank you. (Applause) Thank you. (Applause) Thanks a lot. (Applause) Thank you very much. Thank you.

Are games better than life?
I grew up in Northern Ireland, right up in the very, very north end of it there, where it's absolutely freezing cold. This was me running around in the back garden mid-summer. (Laughter) I couldn't pick a career. In Ireland the obvious choice is the military, but to be honest it actually kind of sucks. (Laughter) My mother wanted me to be a dentist. But the problem was that people kept blowing everything up. So I actually went to school in Belfast, which was where all the action happened. And this was a pretty common sight. The school I went to was pretty boring. They forced us to learn things like Latin. The school teachers weren't having much fun, the sports were very dirty or very painful. So I cleverly chose rowing, which I got very good at. And I was actually rowing for my school here until this fateful day, and I flipped over right in front of the entire school. And that was the finishing post right there. (Laughter) So this was extremely embarrassing. But our school at that time got a grant from the government, and they got an incredible computer -- the research machine 3DZ -- and they left the programming manuals lying around. And so students like myself with nothing to do, we would learn how to program it. Also around this time, at home, this was the computer that people were buying. It was called the Sinclair ZX80. This was a 1K computer, and you'd buy your programs on cassette tape. Actually I'm just going to pause for one second, because I heard that there's a prerequisite to speak here at TED -- you had to have a picture of yourself from the old days with big hair. So I brought a picture with big hair. (Laughter). I just want to get that out of the way. So after the Sinclair ZX80 came along the very cleverly named Sinclair ZX81. (Laughter) And -- you see the picture at the bottom? There's a picture of a guy doing homework with his son. That's what they thought they had built it for. The reality is we got the programming manual and we started making games for it. We were programming in BASIC, which is a pretty awful language for games, so we ended up learning Assembly language so we could really take control of the hardware. This is the guy that invented it, Sir Clive Sinclair, and he's showing his machine. You had this same thing in America, it was called the Timex Sinclair1000. To play a game in those days you had to have an imagination to believe that you were really playing "Battlestar Galactica." The graphics were just horrible. You had to have an even better imagination to play this game, "Death Rider." But of course the scientists couldn't help themselves. They started making their own video games. This is one of my favorite ones here, where they have rabbit breeding, so males choose the lucky rabbit. It was around this time we went from 1K to 16K, which was quite the leap. And if you're wondering how much 16K is, this eBay logo here is 16K. And in that amount of memory someone programmed a full flight simulation program. And that's what it looked like. I spent ages flying this flight simulator, and I honestly believed I could fly airplanes by the end of it. Here's Clive Sinclair now launching his color computer. He's recognized as being the father of video games in Europe. He's a multi-millionaire, and I think that's why he's smiling in this photograph. So I went on for the next 20 years or so making a lot of different games. Some of the highlights were things like "The Terminator," "Aladdin," the "Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles." Because I was from the United Kingdom, they thought the word ninja was a little too mean for children, so they decided to call it hero instead. I personally preferred the Spanish version, which was "Tortugas Ninja." That was much better. (Laughter) Then the last game I did was based on trying to get the video game industry and Hollywood to actually work together on something -- instead of licensing from each other, to actually work. Now, Chris did ask me to bring some statistics with me, so I've done that. The video game industry in 2005 became a 29 billion dollar business. It grows every year. Last year was the biggest year. By 2008, we're going to kick the butt of the music industry. By 2010, we're going to hit 42 billion. 43 percent of gamers are female. So there's a lot more female gamers than people are really aware. The average age of gamers? Well, obviously it's for children, right? Well, no, actually it's 30 years old. And interestingly, the people who buy the most games are 37. So 37 is our target audience. All video games are violent. Of course the newspapers love to beat on this. But 83 percent of games don't have any mature content whatsoever, so it's just not true. Online gaming statistics. I brought some stuff on "World of Warcraft." It's 5.5 million players. It makes about 80 million bucks a month in subscriptions. It costs 50 bucks just to install it on your computer, making the publisher about another 275 million. The game costs about 80 million dollars to make, so basically it pays for itself in about a month. A player in a game called "Project Entropia" actually bought his own island for 26,500 dollars. You have to remember that this is not a real island. He didn't actually buy anything, just some data. But he got great terms on it. This purchase included mining and hunting rights, ownership of all land on the island, and a castle with no furniture included. (Laughter) This market is now estimated at over 800 million dollars annually. And what's interesting about it is the market was actually created by the gamers themselves. They found clever ways to trade items and to sell their accounts to each other so that they could make money while they were playing their games. I dove onto eBay a couple of days ago just to see what was gong on, typed in World of Warcraft, got 6,000 items. I liked this one the best: a level 60 Warlock with lots of epics for 174,000 dollars. It's like that guy obviously had some pain while making it. So as far as popularity of games, what do you think these people are doing here? It turns out they're actually in Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles listening to the L.A. Philharmonic playing video game music. That's what the show looks like. You would expect it to be cheesy, but it's not. It's very, very epic and a very beautiful concert. And the people that went there absolutely loved it. What do you think these people are doing? They're actually bringing their computers so they can play games against each other. And this is happening in every city around the world. This is happening in your local cities too, you're probably just not aware of it. Now, Chris told me that you had a timeline video a few years ago here just to show how video game graphics have been improving. I wanted to update that video and give you a new look at it. But what I want you to do is to try to understand it. We're on this curve, and the graphics are getting so ridiculously better. And I'm going to show you up to maybe 2007. But I want you to try and think about what games could look like 10 years from now. So we're going to start that video. Video: Throughout human history people have played games. As man's intellect and technology have evolved so too have the games he plays. (Music) (Applause) David Perry: The thing again I want you to think about is, don't look at these graphics and think of that's the way it is. Think about that's where we are right now, and the curve that we're on means that this is going to continue to get better. This is an example of the kind of graphics you need to be able to draw if you wanted to get a job in the video game industry today. You need to be really an incredible artist. And once we get enough of those guys, we're going to want more fantasy artists that can create places we've never been to before, or characters that we've just never seen before. So the obvious thing for me to talk about today is graphics and audio. But if you were to go to a game developers conference, what they're all talking about is emotion, purpose, meaning, understanding and feeling. You'll hear about talks like, can a video game make you cry? And these are the kind of topics we really actually care about. I came across a student who's absolutely excellent at expressing himself, and this student agreed that he would not show his video to anybody until you here at TED had seen it. So I'd like to play this video. So this is a student's opinion on what his experience of games are. Video: I, like many of you, live somewhere between reality and video games. Some part of me -- a true living, breathing person -- has become programmed, electronic and virtual. The boundary of my brain that divides real from fantasy has finally begun to crumble. I'm a video game addict and this is my story. (Music) In the year of my birth the Nintendo Entertainment System also went into development. I played in the backyard, learned to read, and even ate some of my vegetables. Most of my childhood was spent playing with Legos. But as was the case for most of my generation, I spent a lot of time in front of the TV. Mr. Rogers, Walt Disney, Nick Junior, and roughly half a million commercials have undoubtedly left their mark on me. When my parents bought my sister and I our first Nintendo, whatever inherent addictive quality this early interactive electronic entertainment possessed quickly took hold of me. At some point something clicked. (Music) With the combination of simple, interactive stories and the warmth of the TV set, my simple 16-bit Nintendo became more than just an escape. It became an alternate existence, my virtual reality. (Music) I'm a video game addict, and it's not because of a certain number of hours I have spent playing, or nights I have gone without sleep to finish the next level. It is because I have had life-altering experiences in virtual space, and video games had begun to erode my own understanding of what is real and what is not. I'm addicted, because even though I know I'm losing my grip on reality, I still crave more. (Music) From an early age I learned to invest myself emotionally in what unfolded before me on screen. Today, after 20 years of watching TV geared to make me emotional, even a decent insurance commercial can bring tears to my eyes. I am just one of a new generation that is growing up. A generation who may experience much more meaning through video games than they will through the real world. Video games are nearing an evolutionary leap, a point where game worlds will look and feel just as real as the films we see in theatres, or the news we watch on TV. And while my sense of free will in these virtual worlds may still be limited, what I do learn applies to my real life. Play enough video games and eventually you will really believe you can snowboard, fly a plane, drive a nine-second quarter mile, or kill a man. I know I can. Unlike any pop culture phenomenon before it, video games actually allow us to become part of the machine. They allow us to sublimate into the culture of interactive, downloaded, streaming, HD reality. We are interacting with our entertainment. I have come to expect this level of interaction. Without it, the problems faced in the real world -- poverty, war, disease and genocide -- lack the levity they should. Their importance blends into the sensationalized drama of prime time TV. But the beauty of video games today lies not in the lifelike graphics, the vibrating joysticks or virtual surround sound. It lies in that these games are beginning to make me emotional. I have fought in wars, feared for my own survival, watched my cohorts die on beaches and woods that look and feel more real than any textbook or any news story. The people who create these games are smart. They know what makes me scared, excited, panicked, proud or sad. Then they use these emotions to dimensionalize the worlds they create. A well-designed video game will seamlessly weave the user into the fabric of the virtual experience. As one becomes more experienced the awareness of physical control melts away. I know what I want and I do it. No buttons to push, no triggers to pull, just me and the game. My fate and the fate of the world around me lie inside my hands. I know violent video games make my mother worry. What troubles me is not that video game violence is becoming more and more like real life violence, but that real life violence is starting to look more and more like a video game. (Music) These are all troubles outside of myself. I, however, have a problem very close to home. Something has happened to my brain. (Music) Perhaps there is a single part of our brain that holds all of our gut instincts, the things we know to do before we even think. While some of these instincts may be innate, most are learned, and all of them are hardwired into our brains. These instincts are essential for survival in both real and virtual worlds. Only in recent years has the technology behind video games allowed for a true overlap in stimuli. As gamers we are now living by the same laws of physics in the same cities and doing many of the same things we once did in real life, only virtually. Consider this -- my real life car has about 25,000 miles on it. In all my driving games, I've driven a total of 31,459 miles. To some degree I've learned how to drive from the game. The sensory cues are very similar. It's a funny feeling when you have spent more time doing something on the TV than you have in real life. When I am driving down a road at sunset all I can think is, this is almost as beautiful as my games are. For my virtual worlds are perfect. More beautiful and rich than the real world around us. I'm not sure what the implications of my experience are, but the potential for using realistic video game stimuli in repetition on a vast number of loyal participants is frightening to me. Today I believe Big Brother would find much more success brainwashing the masses with video games rather than just simply TVs. Video games are fun, engaging, and leave your brain completely vulnerable to re-programming. But maybe brainwashing isn't always bad. Imagine a game that teaches us to respect each other, or helps us to understand the problems we're all facing in the real world. There is a potential to do good as well. It is critical, as these virtual worlds continue to mirror the real world we live in, that game developers realize that they have tremendous responsibilities before them. I'm not sure what the future of video games holds for our civilization. But as virtual and real world experiences increasingly overlap there is a greater and greater potential for other people to feel the same way I do. What I have only recently come to realize is that beyond the graphics, sound, game play and emotion it is the power to break down reality that is so fascinating and addictive to me. I know that I am losing my grip. Part of me is just waiting to let go. I know though, that no matter how amazing video games may become, or how flat the real world may seem to us, that we must stay aware of what our games are teaching us and how they leave us feeling when we finally do unplug. (Applause) DP: Wow. (Applause) I found that video very, very thought provoking, and that's why I wanted to bring it here for you guys to see. And what was interesting about it is the obvious choice for me to talk about was graphics and audio. But as you heard, Michael talked about all these other elements as well. Video games give an awful lot of other things too, and that's why people get so addicted. The most important one being fun. The name of this track is "The Magic To Come." Who is that going to come from? Is it going to come from the best directors in the world as we thought it probably would? I don't think so. I think it's going to come from the children who are growing up now that aren't stuck with all of the stuff that we remember from the past. They're going to do it their way, using the tools that we've created. The same with students or highly creative people, writers and people like that. As far as colleges go, there's about 350 colleges around the world teaching video game courses. That means there's literally thousands of new ideas. Some of the ideas are really dreadful and some of them are great. There's nothing worse than having to listen to someone try and pitch you a really bad video game idea. (Laughter) Chris Anderson: You're off, you're off. That's it. He's out of time. DP: I've just got a little tiny bit more if you'll indulge me. CA: Go ahead. I'm going to stay right here though. (Laughter) DP: This is just a cool shot, because this is students coming to school after class. The school is closed; they're coming back at midnight because they want to pitch their video game ideas. I'm sitting at the front of the class, and they're actually pitching their ideas. So it's hard to get students to come back to class, but it is possible. This is my daughter, her name's Emma, she's 17 months old. And I've been asking myself, what is Emma going to experience in the video game world? And as I've shown here, we have the audience. She's never going to know a world where you can't press a button and have millions of people ready to play. You know, we have the technology. She's never going to know a world where the graphics just aren't stunning and really immersive. And as the student video showed, we can impact and move. She's never going to know a world where video games aren't incredibly emotional and will probably make her cry. I just hope she likes video games. (Laughter) So, my closing thought. Games on the surface seem simple entertainment, but for those that like to look a little deeper, the new paradigm of video games could open entirely new frontiers to creative minds that like to think big. Where better to challenge those minds than here at TED? Thank you. Chris Anderson: David Perry. That was awesome.

Computing a theory of all knowledge
So I want to talk today about an idea. It's a big idea. Actually, I think it'll eventually be seen as probably the single biggest idea that's emerged in the past century. It's the idea of computation. Now, of course, that idea has brought us all of the computer technology we have today and so on. But there's actually a lot more to computation than that. It's really a very deep, very powerful, very fundamental idea, whose effects we've only just begun to see. Well, I myself have spent the past 30 years of my life working on three large projects that really try to take the idea of computation seriously. So I started off at a young age as a physicist using computers as tools. Then, I started drilling down, thinking about the computations I might want to do, trying to figure out what primitives they could be built up from and how they could be automated as much as possible. Eventually, I created a whole structure based on symbolic programming and so on that let me build Mathematica. And for the past 23 years, at an increasing rate, we've been pouring more and more ideas and capabilities and so on into Mathematica, and I'm happy to say that that's led to many good things in R &amp; D and education, lots of other areas. Well, I have to admit, actually, that I also had a very selfish reason for building Mathematica: I wanted to use it myself, a bit like Galileo got to use his telescope 400 years ago. But I wanted to look not at the astronomical universe, but at the computational universe. So we normally think of programs as being complicated things that we build for very specific purposes. But what about the space of all possible programs? Here's a representation of a really simple program. So, if we run this program, this is what we get. Very simple. So let's try changing the rule for this program a little bit. Now we get another result, still very simple. Try changing it again. You get something a little bit more complicated. But if we keep running this for a while, we find out that although the pattern we get is very intricate, it has a very regular structure. So the question is: Can anything else happen? Well, we can do a little experiment. Let's just do a little mathematical experiment, try and find out. Let's just run all possible programs of the particular type that we're looking at. They're called cellular automata. You can see a lot of diversity in the behavior here. Most of them do very simple things, but if you look along all these different pictures, at rule number 30, you start to see something interesting going on. So let's take a closer look at rule number 30 here. So here it is. We're just following this very simple rule at the bottom here, but we're getting all this amazing stuff. It's not at all what we're used to, and I must say that, when I first saw this, it came as a huge shock to my intuition. And, in fact, to understand it, I eventually had to create a whole new kind of science. (Laughter) This science is different, more general, than the mathematics-based science that we've had for the past 300 or so years. You know, it's always seemed like a big mystery: how nature, seemingly so effortlessly, manages to produce so much that seems to us so complex. Well, I think we've found its secret: It's just sampling what's out there in the computational universe and quite often getting things like Rule 30 or like this. And knowing that starts to explain a lot of long-standing mysteries in science. It also brings up new issues, though, like computational irreducibility. I mean, we're used to having science let us predict things, but something like this is fundamentally irreducible. The only way to find its outcome is, effectively, just to watch it evolve. It's connected to, what I call, the principle of computational equivalence, which tells us that even incredibly simple systems can do computations as sophisticated as anything. It doesn't take lots of technology or biological evolution to be able to do arbitrary computation; just something that happens, naturally, all over the place. Things with rules as simple as these can do it. Well, this has deep implications about the limits of science, about predictability and controllability of things like biological processes or economies, about intelligence in the universe, about questions like free will and about creating technology. You know, in working on this science for many years, I kept wondering, "What will be its first killer app?" Well, ever since I was a kid, I'd been thinking about systematizing knowledge and somehow making it computable. People like Leibniz had wondered about that too 300 years earlier. But I'd always assumed that to make progress, I'd essentially have to replicate a whole brain. Well, then I got to thinking: This scientific paradigm of mine suggests something different -- and, by the way, I've now got huge computation capabilities in Mathematica, and I'm a CEO with some worldly resources to do large, seemingly crazy, projects -- So I decided to just try to see how much of the systematic knowledge that's out there in the world we could make computable. So, it's been a big, very complex project, which I was not sure was going to work at all. But I'm happy to say it's actually going really well. And last year we were able to release the first website version of Wolfram Alpha. Its purpose is to be a serious knowledge engine that computes answers to questions. So let's give it a try. Let's start off with something really easy. Hope for the best. Very good. Okay. So far so good. (Laughter) Let's try something a little bit harder. Let's do some mathy thing, and with luck it'll work out the answer and try and tell us some interesting things things about related math. We could ask it something about the real world. Let's say -- I don't know -- what's the GDP of Spain? And it should be able to tell us that. Now we could compute something related to this, let's say ... the GDP of Spain divided by, I don't know, the -- hmmm ... let's say the revenue of Microsoft. (Laughter) The idea is that we can just type this in, this kind of question in, however we think of it. So let's try asking a question, like a health related question. So let's say we have a lab finding that ... you know, we have an LDL level of 140 for a male aged 50. So let's type that in, and now Wolfram Alpha will go and use available public health data and try and figure out what part of the population that corresponds to and so on. Or let's try asking about, I don't know, the International Space Station. And what's happening here is that Wolfram Alpha is not just looking up something; it's computing, in real time, where the International Space Station is right now at this moment, how fast it's going, and so on. So Wolfram Alpha knows about lots and lots of kinds of things. It's got, by now, pretty good coverage of everything you might find in a standard reference library. But the goal is to go much further and, very broadly, to democratize all of this knowledge, and to try and be an authoritative source in all areas. To be able to compute answers to specific questions that people have, not by searching what other people may have written down before, but by using built in knowledge to compute fresh new answers to specific questions. Now, of course, Wolfram Alpha is a monumentally huge, long-term project with lots and lots of challenges. For a start, one has to curate a zillion different sources of facts and data, and we built quite a pipeline of Mathematica automation and human domain experts for doing this. But that's just the beginning. Given raw facts or data to actually answer questions, one has to compute: one has to implement all those methods and models and algorithms and so on that science and other areas have built up over the centuries. Well, even starting from Mathematica, this is still a huge amount of work. So far, there are about 8 million lines of Mathematica code in Wolfram Alpha built by experts from many, many different fields. Well, a crucial idea of Wolfram Alpha is that you can just ask it questions using ordinary human language, which means that we've got to be able to take all those strange utterances that people type into the input field and understand them. And I must say that I thought that step might just be plain impossible. Two big things happened: First, a bunch of new ideas about linguistics that came from studying the computational universe; and second, the realization that having actual computable knowledge completely changes how one can set about understanding language. And, of course, now with Wolfram Alpha actually out in the wild, we can learn from its actual usage. And, in fact, there's been an interesting coevolution that's been going on between Wolfram Alpha and its human users, and it's really encouraging. Right now, if we look at web queries, more than 80 percent of them get handled successfully the first time. And if you look at things like the iPhone app, the fraction is considerably larger. So, I'm pretty pleased with it all. But, in many ways, we're still at the very beginning with Wolfram Alpha. I mean, everything is scaling up very nicely and we're getting more confident. You can expect to see Wolfram Alpha technology showing up in more and more places, working both with this kind of public data, like on the website, and with private knowledge for people and companies and so on. You know, I've realized that Wolfram Alpha actually gives one a whole new kind of computing that one can call knowledge-based computing, in which one's starting not just from raw computation, but from a vast amount of built-in knowledge. And when one does that, one really changes the economics of delivering computational things, whether it's on the web or elsewhere. You know, we have a fairly interesting situation right now. On the one hand, we have Mathematica, with its sort of precise, formal language and a huge network of carefully designed capabilities able to get a lot done in just a few lines. Let me show you a couple of examples here. So here's a trivial piece of Mathematica programming. Here's something where we're sort of integrating a bunch of different capabilities here. Here we'll just create, in this line, a little user interface that allows us to do something fun there. If you go on, that's a slightly more complicated program that's now doing all sorts of algorithmic things and creating user interface and so on. But it's something that is very precise stuff. It's a precise specification with a precise formal language that causes Mathematica to know what to do here. Then on the other hand, we have Wolfram Alpha, with all the messiness of the world and human language and so on built into it. So what happens when you put these things together? I think it's actually rather wonderful. With Wolfram Alpha inside Mathematica, you can, for example, make precise programs that call on real world data. Here's a real simple example. You can also just sort of give vague input and then try and have Wolfram Alpha figure out what you're talking about. Let's try this here. But actually I think the most exciting thing about this is that it really gives one the chance to democratize programming. I mean, anyone will be able to say what they want in plain language. Then, the idea is that Wolfram Alpha will be able to figure out what precise pieces of code can do what they're asking for and then show them examples that will let them pick what they need to build up bigger and bigger, precise programs. So, sometimes, Wolfram Alpha will be able to do the whole thing immediately and just give back a whole big program that you can then compute with. Here's a big website where we've been collecting lots of educational and other demonstrations about lots of kinds of things. I'll show you one example here. This is just an example of one of these computable documents. This is probably a fairly small piece of Mathematica code that's able to be run here. Okay. Let's zoom out again. So, given our new kind of science, is there a general way to use it to make technology? So, with physical materials, we're used to going around the world and discovering that particular materials are useful for particular technological purposes. Well, it turns out we can do very much the same kind of thing in the computational universe. There's an inexhaustible supply of programs out there. The challenge is to see how to harness them for human purposes. Something like Rule 30, for example, turns out to be a really good randomness generator. Other simple programs are good models for processes in the natural or social world. And, for example, Wolfram Alpha and Mathematica are actually now full of algorithms that we discovered by searching the computational universe. And, for example, this -- if we go back here -- this has become surprisingly popular among composers finding musical forms by searching the computational universe. In a sense, we can use the computational universe to get mass customized creativity. I'm hoping we can, for example, use that even to get Wolfram Alpha to routinely do invention and discovery on the fly, and to find all sorts of wonderful stuff that no engineer and no process of incremental evolution would ever come up with. Well, so, that leads to kind of an ultimate question: Could it be that someplace out there in the computational universe we might find our physical universe? Perhaps there's even some quite simple rule, some simple program for our universe. Well, the history of physics would have us believe that the rule for the universe must be pretty complicated. But in the computational universe, we've now seen how rules that are incredibly simple can produce incredibly rich and complex behavior. So could that be what's going on with our whole universe? If the rules for the universe are simple, it's kind of inevitable that they have to be very abstract and very low level; operating, for example, far below the level of space or time, which makes it hard to represent things. But in at least a large class of cases, one can think of the universe as being like some kind of network, which, when it gets big enough, behaves like continuous space in much the same way as having lots of molecules can behave like a continuous fluid. Well, then the universe has to evolve by applying little rules that progressively update this network. And each possible rule, in a sense, corresponds to a candidate universe. Actually, I haven't shown these before, but here are a few of the candidate universes that I've looked at. Some of these are hopeless universes, completely sterile, with other kinds of pathologies like no notion of space, no notion of time, no matter, other problems like that. But the exciting thing that I've found in the last few years is that you actually don't have to go very far in the computational universe before you start finding candidate universes that aren't obviously not our universe. Here's the problem: Any serious candidate for our universe is inevitably full of computational irreducibility. Which means that it is irreducibly difficult to find out how it will really behave, and whether it matches our physical universe. A few years ago, I was pretty excited to discover that there are candidate universes with incredibly simple rules that successfully reproduce special relativity, and even general relativity and gravitation, and at least give hints of quantum mechanics. So, will we find the whole of physics? I don't know for sure, but I think at this point it's sort of almost embarrassing not to at least try. Not an easy project. One's got to build a lot of technology. One's got to build a structure that's probably at least as deep as existing physics. And I'm not sure what the best way to organize the whole thing is. Build a team, open it up, offer prizes and so on. But I'll tell you, here today, that I'm committed to seeing this project done, to see if, within this decade, we can finally hold in our hands the rule for our universe and know where our universe lies in the space of all possible universes ... and be able to type into Wolfram Alpha, "the theory of the universe," and have it tell us. (Laughter) So I've been working on the idea of computation now for more than 30 years, building tools and methods and turning intellectual ideas into millions of lines of code and grist for server farms and so on. With every passing year, I realize how much more powerful the idea of computation really is. It's taken us a long way already, but there's so much more to come. From the foundations of science to the limits of technology to the very definition of the human condition, I think computation is destined to be the defining idea of our future. Thank you. (Applause) Chris Anderson: That was astonishing. Stay here. I've got a question. (Applause) So, that was, fair to say, an astonishing talk. Are you able to say in a sentence or two how this type of thinking could integrate at some point to things like string theory or the kind of things that people think of as the fundamental explanations of the universe? Stephen Wolfram: Well, the parts of physics that we kind of know to be true, things like the standard model of physics: what I'm trying to do better reproduce the standard model of physics or it's simply wrong. The things that people have tried to do in the last 25 years or so with string theory and so on have been an interesting exploration that has tried to get back to the standard model, but hasn't quite gotten there. My guess is that some great simplifications of what I'm doing may actually have considerable resonance with what's been done in string theory, but that's a complicated math thing that I don't yet know how it's going to work out. CA: Benoit Mandelbrot is in the audience. He also has shown how complexity can arise out of a simple start. Does your work relate to his? SW: I think so. I view Benoit Mandelbrot's work as one of the founding contributions to this kind of area. Benoit has been particularly interested in nested patterns, in fractals and so on, where the structure is something that's kind of tree-like, and where there's sort of a big branch that makes little branches and even smaller branches and so on. That's one of the ways that you get towards true complexity. I think things like the Rule 30 cellular automaton get us to a different level. In fact, in a very precise way, they get us to a different level because they seem to be things that are capable of complexity that's sort of as great as complexity can ever get ... I could go on about this at great length, but I won't. (Laughter) (Applause) CA: Stephen Wolfram, thank you. (Applause)

Global priorities bigger than climate change
What I'd like to talk about is really the biggest problems in the world. I'm not going to talk about "The Skeptical Environmentalist" -- probably that's also a good choice. (Laughter) But I am going talk about: what are the big problems in the world? And I must say, before I go on, I should ask every one of you to try and get out pen and paper because I'm actually going to ask you to help me to look at how we do that. So get out your pen and paper. Bottom line is, there is a lot of problems out there in the world. I'm just going to list some of them. There are 800 million people starving. There's a billion people without clean drinking water. Two billion people without sanitation. There are several million people dying of HIV and AIDS. The lists go on and on. There's two billions of people who will be severely affected by climate change -- so on. There are many, many problems out there. In an ideal world, we would solve them all, but we don't. We don't actually solve all problems. And if we do not, the question I think we need to ask ourselves -- and that's why it's on the economy session -- is to say, if we don't do all things, we really have to start asking ourselves, which ones should we solve first? And that's the question I'd like to ask you. If we had say, 50 billion dollars over the next four years to spend to do good in this world, where should we spend it? We identified 10 of the biggest challenges in the world, and I will just briefly read them: climate change, communicable diseases, conflicts, education, financial instability, governance and corruption, malnutrition and hunger, population migration, sanitation and water, and subsidies and trade barriers. We believe that these in many ways encompass the biggest problems in the world. The obvious question would be to ask, what do you think are the biggest things? Where should we start on solving these problems? But that's a wrong problem to ask. That was actually the problem that was asked in Davos in January. But of course, there's a problem in asking people to focus on problems. Because we can't solve problems. Surely the biggest problem we have in the world is that we all die. But we don't have a technology to solve that, right? So the point is not to prioritize problems, but the point is to prioritize solutions to problems. And that would be -- of course that gets a little more complicated. To climate change that would be like Kyoto. To communicable diseases, it might be health clinics or mosquito nets. To conflicts, it would be U.N.'s peacekeeping forces, and so on. The point that I would like to ask you to try to do, is just in 30 seconds -- and I know this is in a sense an impossible task -- write down what you think is probably some of the top priorities. And also -- and that's, of course, where economics gets evil -- to put down what are the things we should not do, first. What should be at the bottom of the list? Please, just take 30 seconds, perhaps talk to your neighbor, and just figure out what should be the top priorities and the bottom priorities of the solutions that we have to the world's biggest issues. The amazing part of this process -- and of course, I mean, I would love to -- I only have 18 minutes, I've already given you quite a substantial amount of my time, right? I'd love to go into, and get you to think about this process, and that's actually what we did. And I also strongly encourage you, and I'm sure we'll also have these discussions afterwards, to think about, how do we actually prioritize? Of course, you have to ask yourself, why on Earth was such a list never done before? And one reason is that prioritization is incredibly uncomfortable. Nobody wants to do this. Of course, every organization would love to be on the top of such a list. But every organization would also hate to be not on the top of the list. And since there are many more not-number-one spots on the list than there is number ones, it makes perfect sense not to want to do such a list. We've had the U.N. for almost 60 years, yet we've never actually made a fundamental list of all the big things that we can do in the world, and said, which of them should we do first? So it doesn't mean that we are not prioritizing -- any decision is a prioritization, so of course we are still prioritizing, if only implicitly -- and that's unlikely to be as good as if we actually did the prioritization, and went in and talked about it. So what I'm proposing is really to say that we have, for a very long time, had a situation when we've had a menu of choices. There are many, many things we can do out there, but we've not had the prices, nor the sizes. We have not had an idea. Imagine going into a restaurant and getting this big menu card, but you have no idea what the price is. You know, you have a pizza; you've no idea what the price is. It could be at one dollar; it could be 1,000 dollars. It could be a family-size pizza; it could be a very individual-size pizza, right? We'd like to know these things. And that is what the Copenhagen Consensus is really trying to do -- to try to put prices on these issues. And so basically, this has been the Copenhagen Consensus' process. We got 30 of the world's best economists, three in each area. So we have three of world's top economists write about climate change. What can we do? What will be the cost and what will be the benefit of that? Likewise in communicable diseases. Three of the world's top experts saying, what can we do? What would be the price? What should we do about it, and what will be the outcome? And so on. Then we had some of the world's top economists, eight of the world's top economists, including three Nobel Laureates, meet in Copenhagen in May 2004. We called them the "dream team." The Cambridge University prefects decided to call them the Real Madrid of economics. That works very well in Europe, but it doesn't really work over here. And what they basically did was come out with a prioritized list. And then you ask, why economists? And of course, I'm very happy you asked that question -- (Laughter) -- because that's a very good question. The point is, of course, if you want to know about malaria, you ask a malaria expert. If you want to know about climate, you ask a climatologist. But if you want to know which of the two you should deal with first, you can't ask either of them, because that's not what they do. That is what economists do. They prioritize. They make that in some ways disgusting task of saying, which one should we do first, and which one should we do afterwards? So this is the list, and this is the one I'd like to share with you. Of course, you can also see it on the website, and we'll also talk about it more, I'm sure, as the day goes on. They basically came up with a list where they said there were bad projects -- basically, projects where if you invest a dollar, you get less than a dollar back. Then there's fair projects, good projects and very good projects. And of course, it's the very good projects we should start doing. I'm going to go from backwards so that we end up with the best projects. These were the bad projects. As you might see the bottom of the list was climate change. This offends a lot of people, and that's probably one of the things where people will say I shouldn't come back, either. And I'd like to talk about that, because that's really curious. Why is it it came up? And I'll actually also try to get back to this because it's probably one of the things that we'll disagree with on the list that you wrote down. The reason why they came up with saying that Kyoto -- or doing something more than Kyoto -- is a bad deal is simply because it's very inefficient. It's not saying that global warming is not happening. It's not saying that it's not a big problem. But it's saying that what we can do about it is very little, at a very high cost. What they basically show us, the average of all macroeconomic models, is that Kyoto, if everyone agreed, would cost about 150 billion dollars a year. That's a substantial amount of money. That's two to three times the global development aid that we give the Third World every year. Yet it would do very little good. All models show it will postpone warming for about six years in 2100. So the guy in Bangladesh who gets a flood in 2100 can wait until 2106. Which is a little good, but not very much good. So the idea here really is to say, well, we've spent a lot of money doing a little good. And just to give you a sense of reference, the U.N. actually estimate that for half that amount, for about 75 billion dollars a year, we could solve all major basic problems in the world. We could give clean drinking water, sanitation, basic healthcare and education to every single human being on the planet. So we have to ask ourselves, do we want to spend twice the amount on doing very little good? Or half the amount on doing an amazing amount of good? And that is really why it becomes a bad project. It's not to say that if we had all the money in the world, we wouldn't want to do it. But it's to say, when we don't, it's just simply not our first priority. The fair projects -- notice I'm not going to comment on all these -- but communicable diseases, scale of basic health services -- just made it, simply because, yes, scale of basic health services is a great thing. It would do a lot of good, but it's also very, very costly. Again, what it tells us is suddenly we start thinking about both sides of the equation. If you look at the good projects, a lot of sanitation and water projects came in. Again, sanitation and water is incredibly important, but it also costs a lot of infrastructure. So I'd like to show you the top four priorities which should be at least the first ones that we deal with when we talk about how we should deal with the problems in the world. The fourth best problem is malaria -- dealing with malaria. The incidence of malaria is about a couple of [million] people get infected every year. It might even cost up towards a percentage point of GDP every year for affected nations. If we invested about 13 billion dollars over the next four years, we could bring that incidence down to half. We could avoid about 500,000 people dying, but perhaps more importantly, we could avoid about a [million] people getting infected every year. We would significantly increase their ability to deal with many of the other problems that they have to deal with -- of course, in the long run, also to deal with global warming. This third best one was free trade. Basically, the model showed that if we could get free trade, and especially cut subsidies in the U.S. and Europe, we could basically enliven the global economy to an astounding number of about 2,400 billion dollars a year, half of which would accrue to the Third World. Again, the point is to say that we could actually pull two to three hundred million people out of poverty, very radically fast, in about two to five years. That would be the third best thing we could do. The second best thing would be to focus on malnutrition. Not just malnutrition in general, but there's a very cheap way of dealing with malnutrition, namely, the lack of micronutrients. Basically, about half of the world's population is lacking in iron, zinc, iodine and vitamin A. If we invest about 12 billion dollars, we could make a severe inroad into that problem. That would be the second best investment that we could do. And the very best project would be to focus on HIV/AIDS. Basically, if we invest 27 billion dollars over the next eight years, we could avoid 28 new million cases of HIV/AIDS. Again, what this does and what it focuses on is saying there are two very different ways that we can deal with HIV/AIDS. One is treatment; the other one is prevention. And again, in an ideal world, we would do both. But in a world where we don't do either, or don't do it very well, we have to at least ask ourselves where should we invest first. And treatment is much, much more expensive than prevention. So basically, what this focuses on is saying, we can do a lot more by investing in prevention. Basically for the amount of money that we spend, we can do X amount of good in treatment, and 10 times as much good in prevention. So again, what we focus on is prevention rather than treatment, at first rate. What this really does is that it makes us think about our priorities. I'd like to have you look at your priority list and say, did you get it right? Or did you get close to what we came up with here? Well, of course, one of the things is climate change again. I find a lot of people find it very, very unlikely that we should do that. We should also do climate change, if for no other reason, simply because it's such a big problem. But of course, we don't do all problems. There are many problems out there in the world. And what I want to make sure of is, if we actually focus on problems, that we focus on the right ones. The ones where we can do a lot of good rather than a little good. And I think, actually -- Thomas Schelling, one of the participants in the dream team, he put it very, very well. One of things that people forget, is that in 100 years, when we're talking about most of the climate change impacts will be, people will be much, much richer. Even the most pessimistic impact scenarios of the U.N. estimate that the average person in the developing world in 2100 will be about as rich as we are today. Much more likely, they will be two to four times richer than we are. And of course, we'll be even richer than that. But the point is to say, when we talk about saving people, or helping people in Bangladesh in 2100, we're not talking about a poor Bangladeshi. We're actually talking about a fairly rich Dutch guy. And so the real point, of course, is to say, do we want to spend a lot of money helping a little, 100 years from now, a fairly rich Dutch guy? Or do we want to help real poor people, right now, in Bangladesh, who really need the help, and whom we can help very, very cheaply? Or as Schelling put it, imagine if you were a rich -- as you will be -- a rich Chinese, a rich Bolivian, a rich Congolese, in 2100, thinking back on 2005, and saying, "How odd that they cared so much about helping me a little bit through climate change, and cared so fairly little about helping my grandfather and my great grandfather, whom they could have helped so much more, and who needed the help so much more?" So I think that really does tell us why it is we need to get our priorities straight. Even if it doesn't accord to the typical way we see this problem. Of course, that's mainly because climate change has good pictures. We have, you know, "The Day After Tomorrow" -- it looks great, right? It's a good film in the sense that I certainly want to see it, right, but don't expect Emmerich to cast Brad Pitt in his next movie digging latrines in Tanzania or something. (Laughter) It just doesn't make for as much of a movie. So in many ways, I think of the Copenhagen Consensus and the whole discussion of priorities as a defense for boring problems. To make sure that we realize it's not about making us feel good. It's not about making things that have the most media attention, but it's about making places where we can actually do the most good. The other objections, I think, that are important to say, is that I'm somehow -- or we are somehow -- positing a false choice. Of course, we should do all things, in an ideal world -- I would certainly agree. I think we should do all things, but we don't. In 1970, the developed world decided we were going to spend twice as much as we did, right now, than in 1970, on the developing world. Since then our aid has halved. So it doesn't look like we're actually on the path of suddenly solving all big problems. Likewise, people are also saying, but what about the Iraq war? You know, we spend 100 billion dollars -- why don't we spend that on doing good in the world? I'm all for that. If any one of you guys can talk Bush into doing that, that's fine. But the point, of course, is still to say, if you get another 100 billion dollars, we still want to spend that in the best possible way, don't we? So the real issue here is to get ourselves back and think about what are the right priorities. I should just mention briefly, is this really the right list that we got out? You know, when you ask the world's best economists, you inevitably end up asking old, white American men. And they're not necessarily, you know, great ways of looking at the entire world. So we actually invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem. The only two requirements were that they were studying at the university, and they spoke English. The majority of them were, first, from developing countries. They had all the same material but they could go vastly outside the scope of discussion, and they certainly did, to come up with their own lists. And the surprising thing was that the list was very similar -- with malnutrition and diseases at the top and climate change at the bottom. We've done this many other times. There's been many other seminars and university students, and different things. They all come out with very much the same list. And that gives me great hope, really, in saying that I do believe that there is a path ahead to get us to start thinking about priorities, and saying, what is the important thing in the world? Of course, in an ideal world, again we'd love to do everything. But if we don't do it, then we can start thinking about where should we start? I see the Copenhagen Consensus as a process. We did it in 2004, and we hope to assemble many more people, getting much better information for 2008, 2012. Map out the right path for the world -- but also to start thinking about political triage. To start thinking about saying, "Let's do not the things where we can do very little at a very high cost, not the things that we don't know how to do, but let's do the great things where we can do an enormous amount of good, at very low cost, right now." At the end of the day, you can disagree with the discussion of how we actually prioritize these, but we have to be honest and frank about saying, if there's some things we do, there are other things we don't do. If we worry too much about some things, we end by not worrying about other things. So I hope this will help us make better priorities, and think about how we better work for the world. Thank you.

The birth of the computer
Last year, I told you the story, in seven minutes, of Project Orion, which was this very implausible technology that technically could have worked, but it had this one-year political window where it could have happened. So it didn't happen. It was a dream that did not happen. This year I'm going to tell you the story of the birth of digital computing. This was a perfect introduction. And it's a story that did work. It did happen, and the machines are all around us. And it was a technology that was inevitable. If the people I'm going to tell you the story about, if they hadn't done it, somebody else would have. So, it was sort of the right idea at the right time. This is Barricelli's universe. This is the universe we live in now. It's the universe in which these machines are now doing all these things, including changing biology. I'm starting the story with the first atomic bomb at Trinity, which was the Manhattan Project. It was a little bit like TED: it brought a whole lot of very smart people together. And three of the smartest people were Stan Ulam, Richard Feynman and John von Neumann. And it was Von Neumann who said, after the bomb, he was working on something much more important than bombs: he's thinking about computers. So, he wasn't only thinking about them; he built one. This is the machine he built. (Laughter) He built this machine, and we had a beautiful demonstration of how this thing really works, with these little bits. And it's an idea that goes way back. The first person to really explain that was Thomas Hobbes, who, in 1651, explained how arithmetic and logic are the same thing, and if you want to do artificial thinking and artificial logic, you can do it all with arithmetic. He said you needed addition and subtraction. Leibniz, who came a little bit later -- this is 1679 -- showed that you didn't even need subtraction. You could do the whole thing with addition. Here, we have all the binary arithmetic and logic that drove the computer revolution. And Leibniz was the first person to really talk about building such a machine. He talked about doing it with marbles, having gates and what we now call shift registers, where you shift the gates, drop the marbles down the tracks. And that's what all these machines are doing, except, instead of doing it with marbles, they're doing it with electrons. And then we jump to Von Neumann, 1945, when he sort of reinvents the whole same thing. And 1945, after the war, the electronics existed to actually try and build such a machine. So June 1945 -- actually, the bomb hasn't even been dropped yet -- and Von Neumann is putting together all the theory to actually build this thing, which also goes back to Turing, who, before that, gave the idea that you could do all this with a very brainless, little, finite state machine, just reading a tape in and reading a tape out. The other sort of genesis of what Von Neumann did was the difficulty of how you would predict the weather. Lewis Richardson saw how you could do this with a cellular array of people, giving them each a little chunk, and putting it together. Here, we have an electrical model illustrating a mind having a will, but capable of only two ideas. (Laughter) And that's really the simplest computer. It's basically why you need the qubit, because it only has two ideas. And you put lots of those together, you get the essentials of the modern computer: the arithmetic unit, the central control, the memory, the recording medium, the input and the output. But, there's one catch. This is the fatal -- you know, we saw it in starting these programs up. The instructions which govern this operation must be given in absolutely exhaustive detail. So, the programming has to be perfect, or it won't work. If you look at the origins of this, the classic history sort of takes it all back to the ENIAC here. But actually, the machine I'm going to tell you about, the Institute for Advanced Study machine, which is way up there, really should be down there. So, I'm trying to revise history, and give some of these guys more credit than they've had. Such a computer would open up universes, which are, at the present, outside the range of any instruments. So it opens up a whole new world, and these people saw it. The guy who was supposed to build this machine was the guy in the middle, Vladimir Zworykin, from RCA. RCA, in probably one of the lousiest business decisions of all time, decided not to go into computers. But the first meetings, November 1945, were at RCA's offices. RCA started this whole thing off, and said, you know, televisions are the future, not computers. The essentials were all there -- all the things that make these machines run. Von Neumann, and a logician, and a mathematician from the army put this together. Then, they needed a place to build it. When RCA said no, that's when they decided to build it in Princeton, where Freeman works at the Institute. That's where I grew up as a kid. That's me, that's my sister Esther, who's talked to you before, so we both go back to the birth of this thing. That's Freeman, a long time ago, and that was me. And this is Von Neumann and Morgenstern, who wrote the "Theory of Games." All these forces came together there, in Princeton. Oppenheimer, who had built the bomb. The machine was actually used mainly for doing bomb calculations. And Julian Bigelow, who took Zworkykin's place as the engineer, to actually figure out, using electronics, how you would build this thing. The whole gang of people who came to work on this, and women in front, who actually did most of the coding, were the first programmers. These were the prototype geeks, the nerds. They didn't fit in at the Institute. This is a letter from the director, concerned about -- "especially unfair on the matter of sugar." (Laughter) You can read the text. (Laughter) This is hackers getting in trouble for the first time. (Laughter). These were not theoretical physicists. They were real soldering-gun type guys, and they actually built this thing. And we take it for granted now, that each of these machines has billions of transistors, doing billions of cycles per second without failing. They were using vacuum tubes, very narrow, sloppy techniques to get actually binary behavior out of these radio vacuum tubes. They actually used 6J6, the common radio tube, because they found they were more reliable than the more expensive tubes. And what they did at the Institute was publish every step of the way. Reports were issued, so that this machine was cloned at 15 other places around the world. And it really was. It was the original microprocessor. All the computers now are copies of that machine. The memory was in cathode ray tubes -- a whole bunch of spots on the face of the tube -- very, very sensitive to electromagnetic disturbances. So, there's 40 of these tubes, like a V-40 engine running the memory. (Laughter) The input and the output was by teletype tape at first. This is a wire drive, using bicycle wheels. This is the archetype of the hard disk that's in your machine now. Then they switched to a magnetic drum. This is modifying IBM equipment, which is the origins of the whole data-processing industry, later at IBM. And this is the beginning of computer graphics. The "Graph'g-Beam Turn On." This next slide, that's the -- as far as I know -- the first digital bitmap display, 1954. So, Von Neumann was already off in a theoretical cloud, doing abstract sorts of studies of how you could build reliable machines out of unreliable components. Those guys drinking all the tea with sugar in it were writing in their logbooks, trying to get this thing to work, with all these 2,600 vacuum tubes that failed half the time. And that's what I've been doing, this last six months, is going through the logs. "Running time: two minutes. Input, output: 90 minutes." This includes a large amount of human error. So they are always trying to figure out, what's machine error? What's human error? What's code, what's hardware? That's an engineer gazing at tube number 36, trying to figure out why the memory's not in focus. He had to focus the memory -- seems OK. So, he had to focus each tube just to get the memory up and running, let alone having, you know, software problems. "No use, went home." (Laughter) "Impossible to follow the damn thing, where's a directory?" So, already, they're complaining about the manuals: "before closing down in disgust ... " "The General Arithmetic: Operating Logs." Burning lots of midnight oil. "MANIAC," which became the acronym for the machine, Mathematical and Numerical Integrator and Calculator, "lost its memory." "MANIAC regained its memory, when the power went off." "Machine or human?" "Aha!" So, they figured out it's a code problem. "Found trouble in code, I hope." "Code error, machine not guilty." "Damn it, I can be just as stubborn as this thing." (Laughter) "And the dawn came." So they ran all night. Twenty-four hours a day, this thing was running, mainly running bomb calculations. "Everything up to this point is wasted time." "What's the use? Good night." "Master control off. The hell with it. Way off." (Laughter) "Something's wrong with the air conditioner -- smell of burning V-belts in the air." "A short -- do not turn the machine on." "IBM machine putting a tar-like substance on the cards. The tar is from the roof." So they really were working under tough conditions. (Laughter) Here, "A mouse has climbed into the blower behind the regulator rack, set blower to vibrating. Result: no more mouse." (Laughter) "Here lies mouse. Born: ?. Died: 4:50 a.m., May 1953." (Laughter) There's an inside joke someone has penciled in: "Here lies Marston Mouse." If you're a mathematician, you get that, because Marston was a mathematician who objected to the computer being there. "Picked a lightning bug off the drum." "Running at two kilocycles." That's two thousand cycles per second -- "yes, I'm chicken" -- so two kilocycles was slow speed. The high speed was 16 kilocycles. I don't know if you remember a Mac that was 16 Megahertz, that's slow speed. "I have now duplicated both results. How will I know which is right, assuming one result is correct? This now is the third different output. I know when I'm licked." (Laughter) "We've duplicated errors before." "Machine run, fine. Code isn't." "Only happens when the machine is running." And sometimes things are okay. "Machine a thing of beauty, and a joy forever." "Perfect running." "Parting thought: when there's bigger and better errors, we'll have them." So, nobody was supposed to know they were actually designing bombs. They're designing hydrogen bombs. But someone in the logbook, late one night, finally drew a bomb. So, that was the result. It was Mike, the first thermonuclear bomb, in 1952. That was designed on that machine, in the woods behind the Institute. So Von Neumann invited a whole gang of weirdos from all over the world to work on all these problems. Barricelli, he came to do what we now call, really, artificial life, trying to see if, in this artificial universe -- he was a viral-geneticist, way, way, way ahead of his time. He's still ahead of some of the stuff that's being done now. Trying to start an artificial genetic system running in the computer. Began -- his universe started March 3, '53. So it's almost exactly -- it's 50 years ago next Tuesday, I guess. And he saw everything in terms of -- he could read the binary code straight off the machine. He had a wonderful rapport. Other people couldn't get the machine running. It always worked for him. Even errors were duplicated. (Laughter) "Dr. Barricelli claims machine is wrong, code is right." So he designed this universe, and ran it. When the bomb people went home, he was allowed in there. He would run that thing all night long, running these things, if anybody remembers Stephen Wolfram, who reinvented this stuff. And he published it. It wasn't locked up and disappeared. It was published in the literature. "If it's that easy to create living organisms, why not create a few yourself?" So, he decided to give it a try, to start this artificial biology going in the machines. And he found all these, sort of -- it was like a naturalist coming in and looking at this tiny, 5,000-byte universe, and seeing all these things happening that we see in the outside world, in biology. This is some of the generations of his universe. But they're just going to stay numbers; they're not going to become organisms. They have to have something. You have a genotype and you have to have a phenotype. They have to go out and do something. And he started doing that, started giving these little numerical organisms things they could play with -- playing chess with other machines and so on. And they did start to evolve. And he went around the country after that. Every time there was a new, fast machine, he started using it, and saw exactly what's happening now. That the programs, instead of being turned off -- when you quit the program, you'd keep running and, basically, all the sorts of things like Windows is doing, running as a multi-cellular organism on many machines, he envisioned all that happening. And he saw that evolution itself was an intelligent process. It wasn't any sort of creator intelligence, but the thing itself was a giant parallel computation that would have some intelligence. And he went out of his way to say that he was not saying this was lifelike, or a new kind of life. It just was another version of the same thing happening. And there's really no difference between what he was doing in the computer and what nature did billions of years ago. And could you do it again now? So, when I went into these archives looking at this stuff, lo and behold, the archivist came up one day, saying, "I think we found another box that had been thrown out." And it was his universe on punch cards. So there it is, 50 years later, sitting there -- sort of suspended animation. That's the instructions for running -- this is actually the source code for one of those universes, with a note from the engineers saying they're having some problems. "There must be something about this code that you haven't explained yet." And I think that's really the truth. We still don't understand how these very simple instructions can lead to increasing complexity. What's the dividing line between when that is lifelike and when it really is alive? These cards, now, thanks to me showing up, are being saved. And the question is, should we run them or not? You know, could we get them running? Do you want to let it loose on the Internet? These machines would think they -- these organisms, if they came back to life now -- whether they've died and gone to heaven, there's a universe. My laptop is 10 thousand million times the size of the universe that they lived in when Barricelli quit the project. He was thinking far ahead, to how this would really grow into a new kind of life. And that's what's happening! When Juan Enriquez told us about these 12 trillion bits being transferred back and forth, of all this genomics data going to the proteomics lab, that's what Barricelli imagined: that this digital code in these machines is actually starting to code -- it already is coding from nucleic acids. We've been doing that since, you know, since we started PCR and synthesizing small strings of DNA. And real soon, we're actually going to be synthesizing the proteins, and, like Steve showed us, that just opens an entirely new world. It's a world that Von Neumann himself envisioned. This was published after he died: his sort of unfinished notes on self-reproducing machines, what it takes to get the machines sort of jump-started to where they begin to reproduce. It took really three people: Barricelli had the concept of the code as a living thing; Von Neumann saw how you could build the machines -- that now, last count, four million of these Von Neumann machines is built every 24 hours; and Julian Bigelow, who died 10 days ago -- this is John Markoff's obituary for him -- he was the important missing link, the engineer who came in and knew how to put those vacuum tubes together and make it work. And all our computers have, inside them, the copies of the architecture that he had to just design one day, sort of on pencil and paper. And we owe a tremendous credit to that. And he explained, in a very generous way, the spirit that brought all these different people to the Institute for Advanced Study in the '40s to do this project, and make it freely available with no patents, no restrictions, no intellectual property disputes to the rest of the world. That's the last entry in the logbook when the machine was shut down, July 1958. And it's Julian Bigelow who was running it until midnight when the machine was officially turned off. And that's the end. Thank you very much. (Applause)

How I taught rats to sniff out land mines
I'm here today to share with you an extraordinary journey - extraordinarily rewarding journey, actually - which brought me into training rats to save human lives by detecting landmines and tuberculosis. As a child, I had two passions. One was a passion for rodents. I had all kinds of rats, mice, hamsters, gerbils, squirrels. You name it, I bred it, and I sold them to pet shops. (Laughter) I also had a passion for Africa. Growing up in a multicultural environment, we had African students in the house, and I learned about their stories, so different backgrounds, dependency on imported know-how, goods, services, exuberant cultural diversity. Africa was truly fascinating for me. I became an industrial engineer, engineer in product development, and I focused on appropriate detection technologies, actually the first appropriate technologies for developing countries. I started working in the industry, but I wasn't really happy to contribute to a material consumer society in a linear, extracting and manufacturing mode. I quit my job to focus on the real world problem: landmines. We're talking '95 now. Princess Diana is announcing on TV that landmines form a structural barrier to any development, which is really true. As long as these devices are there, or there is suspicion of landmines, you can't really enter into the land. Actually, there was an appeal worldwide for new detectors sustainable in the environments where they're needed to produce, which is mainly in the developing world. We chose rats. Why would you choose rats? Because, aren't they vermin? Well, actually rats are, in contrary to what most people think about them, rats are highly sociable creatures. And actually, our product -- what you see here. There's a target somewhere here. You see an operator, a trained African with his rats in front who actually are left and right. There, the animal finds a mine. It scratches on the soil. And the animal comes back for a food reward. Very, very simple. Very sustainable in this environment. Here, the animal gets its food reward. And that's how it works. Very, very simple. Now why would you use rats? Rats have been used since the '50s last century, in all kinds of experiments. Rats have more genetic material allocated to olfaction than any other mammal species. They're extremely sensitive to smell. Moreover, they have the mechanisms to map all these smells and to communicate about it. Now how do we communicate with rats? Well don't talk rat, but we have a clicker, a standard method for animal training, which you see there. A clicker, which makes a particular sound with which you can reinforce particular behaviors. First of all, we associate the click sound with a food reward, which is smashed banana and peanuts together in a syringe. Once the animal knows click, food, click, food, click, food -- so click is food -- we bring it in a cage with a hole, and actually the animal learns to stick the nose in the hole under which a target scent is placed, and to do that for five seconds -- five seconds, which is long for a rat. Once the animal knows this, we make the task a bit more difficult. It learns how to find the target smell in a cage with several holes, up to 10 holes. Then the animal learns to walk on a leash in the open and find targets. In the next step, animals learn to find real mines in real minefields. They are tested and accredited according to International Mine Action Standards, just like dogs have to pass a test. This consists of 400 square meters. There's a number of mines placed blindly, and the team of trainer and their rat have to find all the targets. If the animal does that, it gets a license as an accredited animal to be operational in the field -- just like dogs, by the way. Maybe one slight difference: we can train rats at a fifth of the price of training the mining dog. This is our team in Mozambique: one Tanzanian trainer, who transfers the skills to these three Mozambican fellows. And you should see the pride in the eyes of these people. They have a skill, which makes them much less dependent on foreign aid. Moreover, this small team together with, of course, you need the heavy vehicles and the manual de-miners to follow-up. But with this small investment in a rat capacity, we have demonstrated in Mozambique that we can reduce the cost-price per square meter up to 60 percent of what is currently normal -- two dollars per square meter, we do it at $1.18, and we can still bring that price down. Question of scale. If you can bring in more rats, we can actually make the output even bigger. We have a demonstration site in Mozambique. Eleven African governments have seen that they can become less dependent by using this technology. They have signed the pact for peace and treaty in the Great Lakes region, and they endorse hero rats to clear their common borders of landmines. But let me bring you to a very different problem. And there's about 6,000 people last year that walked on a landmine, but worldwide last year, almost 1.9 million died from tuberculosis as a first cause of infection. Especially in Africa where T.B. and HIV are strongly linked, there is a huge common problem. Microscopy, the standard WHO procedure, reaches from 40 to 60 percent reliability. In Tanzania -- the numbers don't lie -- 45 percent of people -- T.B. patients -- get diagnosed with T.B. before they die. It means that, if you have T.B., you have more chance that you won't be detected, but will just die from T.B. secondary infections and so on. And if, however, you are detected very early, diagnosed early, treatment can start, and even in HIV-positives, it makes sense. You can actually cure T.B., even in HIV-positives. So in our common language, Dutch, the name for T.B. is "tering," which, etymologically, refers to the smell of tar. Already the old Chinese and the Greek, Hippocrates, have actually published, documented, that T.B. can be diagnosed based on the volatiles exuding from patients. So what we did is we collected some samples -- just as a way of testing -- from hospitals, trained rats on them and see if this works, and wonder, well, we can reach 89 percent sensitivity, 86 percent specificity using multiple rats in a row. This is how it works, and really, this is a generic technology. We're talking now explosives, tuberculosis, but can you imagine, you can actually put anything under there. So how does it work? You have a cassette with 10 samples. You put these 10 samples at once in the cage. An animal only needs two hundredths of a second to discriminate the scent, so it goes extremely fast. Here it's already at the third sample. This is a positive sample. It gets a click sound and comes for the food reward. And by doing so, very fast, we can have like a second-line opinion to see which patients are positive, which are negative. Just as an indication, whereas a microscopist can process 40 samples in a day, a rat can process the same amount of samples in seven minutes only. A cage like this -- (Applause) A cage like this -- provided that you have rats, and we have now currently 25 tuberculosis rats -- a cage like this, operating throughout the day, can process 1,680 samples. Can you imagine the potential offspring applications -- environmental detection of pollutants in soils, customs applications, detection of illicit goods in containers and so on. But let's stick first to tuberculosis. I just want to briefly highlight, the blue rods are the scores of microscopy only at the five clinics in Dar es Salaam on a population of 500,000 people, where 15,000 reported to get a test done. Microscopy for 1,800 patients. And by just presenting the samples once more to the rats and looping those results back, we were able to increase case detection rates by over 30 percent. Throughout last year, we've been -- depending on which intervals you take -- we've been consistently increasing case detection rates in five hospitals in Dar es Salaam between 30 and 40 percent. So this is really considerable. Knowing that a missed patient by microscopy infects up to 15 people, healthy people, per year, you can be sure that we have saved lots of lives. At least our hero rats have saved lots of lives. The way forward for us is now to standardize this technology. And there are simple things like, for instance, we have a small laser in the sniffer hole where the animal has to stick for five seconds. So, to standardize this. Also, to standardize the pellets, the food rewards, and to semi-automate this in order to replicate this on a much larger scale and affect the lives of many more people. To conclude, there are also other applications at the horizon. Here is a first prototype of our camera rat, which is a rat with a rat backpack with a camera that can go under rubble to detect for victims after earthquake and so on. This is in a prototype stage. We don't have a working system here yet. To conclude, I would actually like to say, you may think this is about rats, these projects, but in the end it is about people. It is about empowering vulnerable communities to tackle difficult, expensive and dangerous humanitarian detection tasks, and doing that with a local resource, plenty available. So something completely different is to keep on challenging your perception about the resources surrounding you, whether they are environmental, technological, animal, or human. And to respectfully harmonize with them in order to foster a sustainable world. Thank you very much. (Applause)

How to make a splash in social media
There are a lot of web 2.0 consultants who make a lot of money. In fact, they make their living on this stuff. I'm going to try to save you all the time and money and go through it in the next three minutes, so bear with me. Started a website in 2005 with a few friends, called Reddit.com. It's what you'd call a social news website; basically, the democratic front page of the best stuff on the web. You find some interesting content -- say, a TED Talk -- submit it to Reddit, and a community of your peers votes up if they like it, down if they don't. That creates the front page. It's always rising, falling; a half million people visit every day. But this isn't about Reddit. It's about discovering new things that pop up on the web. In the last four years, we've seen all kinds of memes, all kinds of trends get born right on our front page. This isn't about Reddit itself, it's actually about humpback whales. Well, technically, it's about Greenpeace, an environmental organization that wanted to stop the Japanese government's whaling campaign. The whales were getting killed; they wanted to put an end to it. One of the ways they wanted to do it was to put a tracking chip inside one of the whales. But to personify the movement, they wanted to name it. So in true web fashion, they put together a poll, where they had a bunch of very erudite, very thoughtful, cultured names. I believe this is the Farsi word for "immortal." I think this means "divine power of the ocean" in a Polynesian language. And then there was this: "Mister Splashy Pants." (Laughter) And this was a special name. Mister Pants, or "Splashy" to his friends, was very popular on the Internet. In fact, someone on Reddit thought, "What a great thing, we should all vote this up." And Redditors responded and all agreed. So the voting started. We got behind it ourselves; we changed our logo for the day, from the alien to Splashy, to help the cause. And it wasn't long before other sites like Fark and Boing Boing and the rest of the Internet started saying, "We love Splashy Pants!" So it went from about five percent, which was when this meme started, to 70 percent at the end of voting. Pretty impressive, right? We won! Mister Splashy Pants was chosen. Just kidding -- Greenpeace actually wasn't that crazy about it, because they wanted one of the more thoughtful names to win. They said, "No, just kidding. We'll give it another week of voting." Well, that got us a little angry, so we changed it to Fightin' Splashy. (Laughter) And the Reddit community -- really, the rest of the Internet, really got behind this. Facebook groups were created. Facebook applications were created. The idea was, "Vote your conscience, vote for Mister Splashy Pants." People were putting up signs in the real world about this whale. (Laughter) This was the final vote: 78 percent of the votes. To give you an idea of the landslide, the next highest name pulled in three. There was a clear lesson: the Internet loves Mister Splashy Pants. Which is obvious. It's a great name. Everyone wants to hear their news anchor say, "Mister Splashy Pants." (Laughter) I think that's what helped drive this. What was cool were the repercussions. Greenpeace created an entire marketing campaign around it -- Mister Splashy Pants shirts and pins, an e-card so you could send your friend a dancing Splashy. But even more important was that they accomplished their mission. The Japanese government called off their whaling expedition. Mission accomplished: Greenpeace was thrilled, the whales were happy -- that's a quote. (Laughter) And actually, Redditors in the Internet community were happy to participate, but they weren't whale lovers. A few, certainly, but we're talking about a lot of people, really interested and caught up in this meme. Greenpeace came back to the site and thanked Reddit for its participation. But this wasn't really altruism; just interest in doing something cool. This is how the Internet works. This is that great big secret. The Internet provides a level playing field. Your link is as good as your link, which is as good as my link. With a browser, anyone can get to any website no matter your budget. That is, as long as you can keep net neutrality in place. Another important thing is it costs nothing to get content online. There are so many publishing tools available, it only takes a few minutes to produce something. and the cost of iteration is so cheap, you might as well. If you do, be genuine. Be honest, up-front. One of the great lessons Greenpeace learned is that it's OK to lose control, OK to take yourself a little less seriously, given that, even though it's a very serious cause, you could ultimately achieve your goal. That's the final message I want to share: you can do well online. But no longer is the message coming from just the top down. If you want to succeed you've got to be OK to lose control. Thank you. (Applause)

Anti-gravity sculpture
This is a sculpture I made, which is a way of, kind of, freeing a form into an object that has different degrees of freedom. So, it can balance on a point. This is a bronze ball, an aluminum arm here, and then this wooden disk. And the wooden disk was really thought about as something that you'd want to hold on to, and that would glide easily through your hands. The aluminum is because it's very light. The bronze is nice hard, durable material that could roll on the ground. Inside of the bronze ball there's a lead weight that is free-swinging on an axle that's on two bearings that pass in between, across it, like this, that counterbalance this weight. So it allows it to roll. And the sphere has that balance property that it always sort of stays still and looks the same from every direction. But if you put something on top of it, it disbalances it. And so it would tip over. But in this case because the interior is free-swinging in relation to the sphere, it can stand up on one point. And then there was a second level to this object, which is that it -- I wanted it to convey some proportions that I was interested in, which is the diameter of the Moon and the diameter of the Earth in proportion to each other. I was exploring, really early on, wanting to make things float in the air. And I thought up a lot of ideas. This is sculpture that I made that -- it's magnetically levitated. The thing is, is that it's slightly dangerous. Normally it's sort of cordoned off when it's in a museum. But it's uh -- let's see if I can manipulate it a little bit without, um -- oops. So this is just floating, floating on a permanent magnetic field, which stabilizes it in all directions. Except there is a slight tether here, which keeps it from going over the top of its field. It's sort of surfing on a magnetic field at the crest of a wave. And that's what supports the object and keeps it stable. I think we could roll the tape, admin. I have a sort of a collection of videos that I took of different installations, which I could narrate. This is a sculpture of the Sun and the Earth, in proportion. Representing that eight and a half minutes that it takes light and gravity to connect the two. So here is the Earth. It's a little less than a millimeter that was turned of solid bronze. And here is a similar sculpture. That's the Sun at that end. And then in a series of 55 balls, it reduces, proportionately -- each ball and the spaces between them reduce proportionately, until they get down to this little Earth. This is in a sculpture park in Taejon. This one is about the Moon and then the distance to the Earth, in proportion also. This is a little stone ball, floating. As you can see the little tether, that it's also magnetically levitated. And then this is the first part of -- this is 109 spheres, since the Sun is 109 times the diameter of the Earth. And so this is the size of the Sun. And then each of these little spheres is the size of the Earth in proportion to the Sun. It's made up of 16 concentric shells. Each one has 92 spheres. This is in the courtyard of a twelfth-century alchemist. I was thinking that the Sun is kind of the ultimate alchemist. (Laughter) So this, again, is on the subject -- a slice from the equator of the Earth. And then the Moon in the center, and it's floating. And this is in France. This is in Sapporo. It's balancing on a shaft and a ball, right at the center of gravity, or just slightly above the center of gravity, which means that the lower half of the object is just a little bit more weighty. So you can see it rotating here. It weighs about a ton or over a ton. It's made of stainless steel, quite thick. But it's being balanced like that in equilibrium. It's susceptible to motion by the air currents. This is another species of work that I do. These are these arrays. These spheres are all suspended, but they have magnets horizontally in them that make them all like compasses. So all the red sides, for example, face one direction: south. And the blue side, the compliment, faces the other way. So as you turn around you're seeing different colors. This is based on the structure of a diamond. It was a diamond cell structure was the point of departure. And then there were kind of large spaces in the hollows between the atoms. And so I placed one more element of each one of them. These were white spheres. Then I had video projectors that were projecting intermittently onto the spheres. So they would catch parts of the images, and make sort of three-dimensional color volumes, as you walk through it, through the object. This is something I did of a tactile communication system. It was the idea of isolating the tactile component of sculpture, and then putting it into a communication system. This is an idea of moving a sculpture, a ball, that would be directed around the room by a computer. This is a clock I designed. It has Buckminster Fuller's Dymaxion Map edited here. It turns once per day in synchrony with the Earth. And then, this is like projects that are harder to build. (Laughter) This has a diamond-bottomed lake. So it's a floating island with water, fresh water, that can fly from place to place. This would be grown, I suppose, with nanotechnology in the future sometime. In the course of doing my work I sort of have a broad range of interests. And some of it is just the idea of creating media -- media as a sculpture, something that would keep the sculpture fresh and ever-changing, by just creating the media that the sculpture is made of. And I had a lot of -- always interested in the concept of a crystal ball. And the idea that you could see things inside of a crystal ball and predict the future -- or a television set, where it's sort of like a magic box where anything can appear. I had thought about, a long time ago, in the late '60s -- when I was just starting out, I was under the influence of thinking about Buckminster Fuller's grand project for an electric globe across from the United Nations -- and other things that were happening, the space program at that time, and Whole Earth Catalog, things like that. I was thinking about mass produced spherical television sets that could be linked to orbiting camera satellites. So if we could roll the next film here. This has evolved over the years in a lot of different iterations. But this the current version of it, is a flying airship that is about 35 meters in diameter, about 110 feet in diameter. The whole surface of it is covered with 60 million diodes, red, blue, and green, that allow you to have a high-resolution picture, visible in daylight. I came with a plan. I brought it to Paul MacCready's company AeroVironment to do a feasibility study, and they analyzed it, and came up with a lot of innovative ideas about how to propel it. So we have a physical plan of how to make this actually happen. This is the control room inside of the ship. The idea of this air genie is, it's something that can just transform and become anything. It's like a traveling show. It has speakers on it. And it has cameras over the surface of it. So it can see its environment, and then it can mimic its environment and disappear. Here the legs are retracting. The cabin is open or closed, as you like. It weighs about 20 tons. It has on-board generators. It can generate about a million kilowatts, in order to be bright enough to be visible in daylight. The idea of it is to make a kind of a traveling show. It really would be dedicated to the arts and to interacting. There would be on board a crew of artists, musicians, that would allow the thing to become actually kind of a conscious object that would respond to the moment, and to interact as an entity that was aware, that could communicate. It's completely silent and nonpolluting. It has electric motors with a novel propulsion system. It could be interacted with large crowds in different ways. Primarily I would be interested in how it would interact with, say, going to a college campus, and then being used as a way of talking about the earth sciences, the world, the situation of the globe. The default image on the object would probably be a high-resolution Earth image. But then one could interact with that and show plate tectonics or global warming issues, or migrations -- all of the things that we're concerned with today. And then at night the idea is that it would be used as kind of a rave situation, where the people could cut loose, and the music and the lights, and everything. So it could land in a park, for example. Or this could represent a college green. And then it would have a corresponding website that would show the itinerary of this. And so interacting with the same kind of imagery. It would also be able to be an open code, so people could interact with it. It would be forum for people's ideas about what they would like to see on a giant screen of this type. So that's pretty much it. Okay. Thank you. (Applause)

The story of a girl
Some of you have heard the story before, but, in fact, there's somebody in the audience who's never heard this story in front of an audience before, so I'm a little more nervous than I normally am telling this story. I used to be a photographer for many years. In 1978, I was working for "TIME Magazine" and I was given a three-day assignment to photograph Amerasian children, children who had been fathered by American GIs all over Southeast Asia, and then abandoned -- 40,000 children all over Asia. I had never heard the word Amerasian before. I spent a few days photographing children in different countries, and like a lot of photographers and a lot of journalists, I always hoped that when my pictures are published, they might actually have an effect on a situation, instead of just documenting it. So, I was so disturbed by what I saw and I was so unhappy with the article that ran afterwards, that I decided I would take six months off. I was 28 years old. I decided I would find six children in different countries, and actually go spend some time with the kids, and try to tell their story a little bit better than I thought I had done for Time magazine. In the course of doing the story, I was looking for children who hadn't been photographed before, and the Pearl Buck Foundation told me that they worked with a lot of Americans who were donating money to help some of these kids. And a man told me, who ran the Pearl Buck Foundation in Korea, that there was a young girl, who was 11 years old, being raised by her grandmother. And the grandmother had never let any Westerners see her. Every time any Westerners came to the village, she hid the girl. Of course, I was immediately intrigued. I saw photographs of her and I thought I wanted to go. And the guy just told me, "This grandmother -- there's no way she's ever going to let you meet this girl that's she's raising." I took a translator with me and went to this village, found the grandmother, sat down with her. And to my astonishment, she agreed to let me photograph her granddaughter. And I was paying for this myself, so I asked the translator if it would be OK if I stayed for the week. I had a sleeping bag. The family had a small shed on the side of the house, so I said, "Could I sleep in my sleeping bag in the evenings?" And I just told the little girl, whose name was Eun-Sook Lee, that if I ever did anything to embarrass her -- she didn't speak a word of English, although she looked very American -- she could put up her hand and say, "Stop," and I would stop taking pictures. Then my translator left. I couldn't speak a word of Korean. This is the first night I met Eun-Sook. Her mother was still alive. She was not raising her, her grandmother was raising her. And what struck me immediately was how in love the two of these people were. The grandmother was incredibly fond, deeply in love with this little girl. They slept on the floor at night. The way they heat their homes in Korea is to put bricks under the floors, so the heat radiates from underneath the floor. Eun-Sook was 11 years old. I had photographed, as I said, a lot of these kids. Eun-Sook was the fifth child that I found to photograph. And almost universally, amongst all the kids, they were really psychologically damaged by having been made fun of, ridiculed, picked on and been rejected. And Korea was probably the place I found to be the worst for these kids. And what struck me immediately in meeting Eun-Sook was how confident she appeared to be, how happy she seemed to be in her own skin. And remember this picture, because I'm going to show you another picture later. She looks much like her grandmother, although she looks so Western. I decided to follow her to school. This is the first morning I stayed with her. This is on the way to school. This is the morning assembly outside her school. And I noticed that she was clowning around. When the teachers would ask questions, she'd be the first person to raise her hand. Again, not at all shy or withdrawn, or anything like the other children that I'd photographed. The first one to go to the blackboard to answer questions. Getting in trouble for whispering into her best friend's ears. And one of the other things I said to her through the translator -- again, this thing about saying stop -- was to not pay attention to me. So she really just completely ignored me most of the time. I noticed that at recess, she was the girl who picked the other girls to be on her team. It was very obvious, from the beginning, that she was a leader. This is on the way home. And that's North Korea up along the hill. This is up along the DMZ. They would actually cover the windows every night, so that light couldn't be seen, because the South Korean government has said for years that the North Koreans may invade at any time. So the closer you were to North Korea, the more terrifying it was. Very often at school, I'd be taking pictures, and she would whisper into her girlfriends' ears, and then look at me and say, "Stop." And I would stand at attention, and all the girls would crack up, and it was sort of a little joke. (Laughter) The end of the week came and my translator came back, because I'd asked her to come back, so I could formally thank the grandmother and Eun-Sook. And in the course of the grandmother talking to the translator, the grandmother started crying. And I said to my translator, "What's going on, why is she crying?" And she spoke to the grandmother for a moment, and then she started getting tears in her eyes. And I said, "What did I do? Why is everyone crying?" And the translator said, "The grandmother says that she thinks she's dying, and she wants to know if you would take Eun-Sook to America with you." And I said, "I'm 28 years old and I live in hotels, and I'm not married." I mean, I had fallen in love with this girl, but you know, emotionally I was about 12 years old. If you know of photographers, the joke is it's the finest form of delayed adolescence ever invented. "Sorry, I have to go on an assignment, I'll be back" -- and then you never come back. So I asked the translator why she thought she was dying. Can I get her to a hospital? Could I pay to get her a doctor? And she refused any help at all. So when I got outside, I gave the translator some money and said, "Go back and see if you can do something." And I gave the grandmother my business card. And I said, "If you're serious, I will try to find a family for her." And I immediately wrote a letter to my best friends in Atlanta, Georgia, who had an 11-year-old son. And my best friend had mistakenly one day said something about wishing he had another child. So my friends Gene and Gayle had not heard from me in about a year, and suddenly I was calling, saying "I'm in Korea and I've met this extraordinary girl." And I said, "The grandmother thinks she's sick, but I think maybe we would have to bring the grandmother over also." And I said, "I'll pay for the ... " I mean, I had this whole sort of picture. So anyway, I left. And my friends actually said they were very interested in adopting her. And I said, "Look, I think I'll scare the grandmother to death, if I tell her that you're willing to adopt her. I want to go back and talk to her." But I was off on assignment. I figured I'd come back in a couple of weeks and talk to the grandmother. And on Christmas Day, I was in Bangkok with a group of photographers and got a telegram -- back in those days, you got telegrams -- from Time magazine saying someone in Korea had died and left their child in a will to me. Did I know anything about this? Because I hadn't told them what I was doing, because I was so upset with the story they'd run. So, I went back to Korea, and I went back to Eun-Sook's village, and she was gone. And the house that I had spent time in was empty. It was incredibly cold. No one in the village would tell me where Eun-Sook was, because the grandmother had always hidden her from Westerners. And they had no idea about this request that she'd made of me. So I finally found Myung Sung, her best friend that she used to play with after school every day. And Myung Sung, under some pressure from me and the translator, gave us an address on the outside of Seoul. And I went to that address and knocked on the door, and a man answered the door. It was not a very nice area of Seoul, there were mud streets outside of it. And I knocked on the door and Eun-Sook answered the door, and her eyes were bloodshot, and she seemed to be in shock. She didn't recognize me -- there was no recognition whatsoever. And this man came to the door and kind of barked something in Korean. And I said to the translator, "What did he say?" And she said, "He wants to know who you are." And I said, "Tell him that I am a photographer." I started explaining who I was, and he interrupted. And she said, "He says he knows who you are, what do you want?" I said, "Well, tell him that I was asked by this little girl's grandmother to find a family for her." And he said, "I'm her uncle, she's fine, you can leave now." So I was -- The door was being slammed in my face, it's incredibly cold, and I'm trying to think, "What would the hero do in a movie, if I was writing this as a movie script?" So I said, "It's really cold, I've come a very long way, do you mind if I come in for a minute? I'm freezing." So the guy reluctantly let us in and we sat down on the floor. And as we started talking, I saw him yell something, and Eun-Sook came and brought us some food. And I had this whole mental picture of -- sort of like Cinderella. I sort of had this picture of this incredibly wonderful, bright, happy little child, who now appeared to be very withdrawn, being enslaved by this family. And I was really appalled, and I couldn't figure out what to do. And the more I tried talking to him, the less friendly he was getting. So finally I said "Look," -- this is all through the translator, because, you know, I don't speak a word of Korean -- and I said, "Look, I'm really glad that Eun-Sook has a family to live with. I was very worried about her. I made a promise to her grandmother, your mother, that I would find a family, and I'm so happy that you're going to take care of her. But I bought an airline ticket and I'm stuck here for a week. I'm staying in a hotel downtown. Would you like to come and have lunch tomorrow? And you can practice your English." Because he told me -- I was trying to ask him questions about himself. And so I went to the hotel, and I found two older Amerasians. A girl whose mother had been a prostitute, and she was a prostitute, and a boy who'd been in and out of jail. And I said to them, "Look, there's a little girl who has a tiny chance of getting out of here and going to America. I don't know if it's the right decision or not, but I would like you to come to lunch tomorrow and tell the uncle what it's like to walk down the street, what people say to you, what you do for a living. I want him to understand what happens if she stays here. And I could be wrong, I don't know, but I wish you would come tomorrow." So, these two came to lunch and we got thrown out of the restaurant. They were yelling at him, it got to be really ugly. We went outside, and he was just furious. And I knew I had totally blown this thing. Here I was again, trying to figure out what to do. And he started yelling at me, and I said to the translator, "Tell him to calm down, what is he saying?" And she said, "He's saying, 'Who the hell are you to walk into my house, some rich American with your cameras around your neck, accusing me of enslaving my niece? This is my niece, I love her, she's my sister's daughter. Who the hell are you to accuse me of something like this?'" And I said, you know, "Look, you're absolutely right. I don't pretend to understand what's going on here. All I know is, I've been photographing a lot of these children. I'm in love with your niece, I think she's an incredibly special child." And I said, "Look, I will fly my friends over here from the United States if you want to meet them, to see if you approve of them. I just think that -- what little I know about the situation, she has very little chance here of having the kind of life that you probably would like her to have." So, everyone told me afterwards that inviting the prospective parents over was, again, the stupidest thing I could have possibly done, because who's ever good enough for your relative? But he invited me to come to a ceremony they were having that day for her grandmother. And they actually take items of clothing and photographs, and they burn them as part of the ritual. And you can see how different she looks just in three months. This was now, I think, early February. And the pictures before were taken in September. Well, there was an American Maryknoll priest that I had met in the course of doing the story, who had 75 children living in his house. He had three women helping him take care of these kids. And so I suggested to the uncle that we go down and meet Father Keane to find out how the adoption process worked. Because I wanted him to feel like this was all being done very much above board. So, this is on the way down to the orphanage. This is Father Keane. He's just a wonderful guy. He had kids from all over Korea living there, and he would find families for these kids. This is a social worker interviewing Eun-Sook. Now, I had always thought she was completely untouched by all of this, because the grandmother, to me, appeared to be sort of the village wise woman -- throughout the day, I noticed people kept coming to visit her grandmother. And I always had this mental picture that even though they may have been one of the poorer families in the village, they were one of the most respected. And I always felt that the grandmother had kind of demanded, and insisted, that the villagers treat Eun-Sook with the same respect they treated her. Eun-Sook stayed at Father Keane's, and her uncle agreed to let her stay there until the adoption went through. He actually agreed to the adoption. And I went off on assignment and came back a week later, and Father Keane said, "I've got to talk to you about Eun-Sook." I said, "Oh God, now what?" And he takes me into this room, closes the door and says, "I have 75 children here in the orphanage, and it's total bedlam." There's clothes, there's kids. Three adults and 75 kids -- you can imagine. And he said, "The second day she was here she made up a list of all of the names of the older kids and the younger kids. And she assigned one of the older kids to each of the younger kids. And then she set up a work detail list of who cleaned the orphanage on what day." And he said, "She's telling me that I'm messy and I have to clean up my room." And he said, "I don't know who raised her, but she's running the orphanage, and she's been here three days." (Laughter) This was movie day that she organized where all the kids went to the movies. A lot of the kids who had been adopted wrote back to the other kids, telling them what their life was like with their new families. So it was a really big deal when the letters showed up. This is a woman who is now working at the orphanage, whose son had been adopted. Gene and Gayle started studying Korean the moment they had gotten my first letter. They really wanted to be able to welcome Eun-Sook into their family. And one of the things Father Keane told me when I came back from one of these trips -- Eun-Sook had chosen the name Natasha, which I understood was from her watching a "Rocky and Bullwinkle" cartoon on the American Air Force station. This may be one of those myth-buster things that we'll have to clear up here, in a minute. So, my friend Gene flew over with his son, Tim. Gayle couldn't come. And they spent a lot of time huddled over a dictionary. And this was Gene showing the uncle where Atlanta was on the map, where he lived. This is the uncle signing the adoption papers. Now, we went out to dinner that night to celebrate. The uncle went back to his family and Natasha and Tim and Gene and I went out to dinner. And Gene was showing Natasha how to use a knife and fork, and then Natasha was returning the utensil lessons. We went back to our hotel room, and Gene was showing Natasha also where Atlanta was. This is the third night we were in Korea. The first night we'd gotten a room for the kids right next to us. I'd been staying in this room for about three months -- it was a little 15-story Korean hotel. The second night, we didn't keep the kids' room, because we slept on the floor with all the kids at the orphanage. And the third night, we came back -- we'd just gone out to dinner, where you saw the pictures -- and we got to the front desk, and the guy said, "There's no other free rooms on your floor tonight, you can put the kids five floors below you." And Gene and I looked at each other and said, "We don't want two 11-year-olds five floors away." So his son said, "I have a sleeping bag, I'll sleep on the floor." And I said, "I have one too." So Tim and I slept on the floor, Natasha got one bed, Gene got the other -- kids pass out, it's been very exciting for three days. We're lying in bed, and Gene and I are talking about how cool we are. We said, "That was so great, we saved this little girl's life." We were just like, you know, just full of ourselves. And we fall asleep -- and I've been in this room for a couple of months now. And they always overheat the hotels in Korea terribly, so during the day I always left the window open. And then about midnight, they turn the heat off in the hotel. So at 1am, the whole room would be like 20 below zero, and I'd get up. I'd been doing this every night I'd been there. So, sure enough, it's one o'clock, room's freezing, I go to close the window and I hear people shouting outside, and I thought, "Oh, the bars must have just gotten out." I don't speak Korean, but I'm hearing these voices, and I'm not hearing anger, I'm hearing terror. So I open the window and I look out, and there's flames coming up the side of our hotel, and the hotel's on fire. So I run over to Gene and I wake him up, and I say, "Don't freak out, I think the hotel's on fire." And now there's smoke and flames coming by our windows -- we're on the 11th floor. So the two of us were just like, "Oh my God, oh my God." So we're trying to get Natasha up, and we can't talk to her. You know what kids are like when they've been asleep for like an hour, it's like they took five Valiums -- they're all over the place. And we can't talk to her. His son had the L.L.Bean bootlaces, and we're trying to do up his laces. So we try to get to the door, we run to the door, we open the door, and it's like walking into a blast furnace. There's people screaming, the sound of glass breaking, weird thumps. And the whole room filled with smoke in about two seconds. And Gene turns around and says, "We're not going to make it." And he closes the door, and the whole room is now filled with smoke. We're all choking, and there's smoke pouring through the vents, under the doors. There's people screaming. I just remember this unbelievable -- just utter chaos. I remember sitting near the bed, and I had two overwhelming feelings. One was absolute terror. "Oh, please God, I just want to wake up. This has got to be a nightmare, this can't be happening. Please, I just want to wake up." And the other is unbelievable guilt. Here I've been playing God with my friends' lives, my friends' son, with Natasha's life, and this what you get when you try playing God, is you hurt people. I remember just being so frightened and terrified. And Gene, who's lying on the floor, says, "We've got to soak towels." I said, "What?" "We've got to soak towels. We're going to die from the smoke." So got towels and put them over our faces and the kids' faces. Then he said, "Do you have gaffer's tape?" "What?" "Do you have gaffer's tape?" I said, "Somewhere in my Halliburton." He says, "We've got to stop the smoke. That's all we can do." I mean, Gene -- thank God for Gene. So we put the room service menus over the vents in the wall, we put blankets at the bottom of the door, we put the kids on the windowsill to try to get some air. And there was a new building, going up, that was being built right across the street from our hotel. And there, in the building, were photographers, waiting for people to jump. Eleven people ended up dying in the fire. Five people jumped and died, other people were killed by the smoke. And there's this loud thumping on the door after about 45 minutes in all this, and people were shouting in Korean. And I remember -- Natasha didn't want us opening the door -- sorry, I was trying not to open the door, because we'd spent so much time barricading the room. I didn't know who it was, I didn't know what they wanted, and Natasha could tell they were firemen trying to get us out. I remember a sort of a tussle at the door, trying to get the door open. In any case, 12 hours later -- I mean, they put us in the lobby. Gene ended up using his coat, and his fist in the coat, to break open a liquor cabinet. People were lying on the floor. It was one of just the most horrifying nights. And then 12 hours later, we rented a car, as we had planned to, and drove back to Natasha's village. And we kept saying, "Do you realize we were dying in a hotel fire, like eight hours ago?" It's so weird how life just goes on. Natasha wanted to introduce her brother and father to all the villagers, and the day we showed up turned out to be a 60-year-old man's birthday. This guy's 60 years old. So it turned into a dual celebration, because Natasha was the first person from this village ever to go to the United States. So, these are the greenhouse tents. This is the elders teaching Gene their dances. We drank a lot of rice wine. We were both so drunk, I couldn't believe it. This is the last picture before Gene and Tim headed back. The adoption people told us it was going to take a year for the adoption to go through. Like, what could you do for a year? So I found out the name of every official on both the Korean and American side, and I photographed them, and told them how famous they were going to be when this book was done. And four months later, the adoption papers came through. This is saying goodbye to everybody at the orphanage. This is Father Keane with Natasha at the bus stop. Her great aunt at the airport. I had a wonderful deal with Cathay Pacific airlines for many years, where they gave me free passes on all their airlines in return for photography. It was like the ultimate perk. And the pilot, I actually knew -- because they used to let me sit in the jump seat, to tell you how long ago this was. This is a TriStar, and so they let Natasha actually sit in the jump seat. And the pilot, Jeff Cowley, actually went back and adopted one of the other kids at the orphanage after meeting Natasha. This is 28 hours later in Atlanta. It's a very long flight. Just to make things even crazier, Gayle, Natasha's new mom, was three days away from giving birth to her own daughter. You know, if you were writing this, you'd say, "No, we've got to write the script differently." This is the first night showing Natasha her new cousins and uncles and aunts. Gene and Gayle know everyone in Atlanta -- they're the most social couple imaginable. So, at this point, Natasha doesn't speak a word of English, other than what little Father Keane taught her. This is Kylie, her sister, who's now a doctor, on the right. This is a deal I had with Natasha, which is that when we got to Atlanta she could cut off my beard. She never liked it very much. She learned English in three months. She entered seventh grade at her own age level. Pledge of Allegiance for the first time. This is her cooking teacher. Natasha told me a lot of the kids thought she was stuck up, because they would talk to her and she wouldn't answer, and they didn't realize she didn't speak English very well. But what I noticed, again as an observer, was she was choosing who was going to be on her team, and seemed to be very popular very, very quickly. Now, remember the picture, how much she looked like her grandmother, at the beginning? People were always telling Natasha how much she looks like her mother, Gayle. (Laughter) This is a tense moment in the first football game, I think. And Kylie -- I mean, it was almost like Kylie was her own child. She's being baptized. Now, a lot of parents, when they adopt, actually want to erase their children's history. And Gayle and Gene did the complete opposite. They were studying Korean; they bought Korean clothes. Gene even did a little tile work in the kitchen, which was that, "Once upon a time, there was a beautiful girl that came from the hills of Korea to live happily ever after in Atlanta." She hates this picture -- it was her first job. She bought a bright red Karmann Ghia with the money she made working at Burger King. The captain of the cheerleaders. Beauty pageant. Used to do their Christmas card every year. Gene's been restoring this car for a million years. Kodak hired Natasha to be a translator for them at the Olympics in Korea. Her future husband, Jeff, was working for Canon cameras, and met Natasha at the Olympic Village. This is her first trip back to Korea. So there's her uncle. This is her half sister. She went back to the village. That's her best friend's mother. And I always thought that was a very Annie Hall kind of outfit. (Laughter) It's just, you know, it was just so interesting, just to watch -- this is her mother in the background there. This is Natasha's wedding day. Gene is looking a little older. This is Sydney, who's going to be three years old in a couple of days. And there's Evan. And Natasha, would you just come up, for a second, just maybe to say hello to everybody? (Applause) Natasha's actually never heard me tell the story. You know, we've looked at the pictures together. Natasha: I've seen pictures millions of times, but today was the first time I'm actually seeing him give the whole presentation. I started crying. Rick Smolan: There's about 40 things she's going to tell me, "That wasn't what happened." Natasha: I'll tell you that later. RS: Anyway, thank you, Mike and Richard, so much for letting us tell the story. Thank you, all of you. (Applause)

Lessons from past presidents
So, indeed, I have spent my life looking into the lives of presidents who are no longer alive. Waking up with Abraham Lincoln in the morning, thinking of Franklin Roosevelt when I went to bed at night. But when I try and think about what I've learned about the meaning in life, my mind keeps wandering back to a seminar that I took when I was a graduate student at Harvard with the great psychologist Erik Erikson. He taught us that the richest and fullest lives attempt to achieve an inner balance between three realms: work, love and play. And that to pursue one realm to the disregard of the other, is to open oneself to ultimate sadness in older age. Whereas to pursue all three with equal dedication, is to make possible a life filled not only with achievement, but with serenity. So since I tell stories, let me look back on the lives of two of the presidents I've studied to illustrate this point -- Abraham Lincoln and Lyndon Johnson. As for that first sphere of work, I think what Abraham Lincoln's life suggests is that fierce ambition is a good thing. He had a huge ambition. But it wasn't simply for office or power or celebrity or fame -- what it was for was to accomplish something worthy enough in life so that he could make the world a little better place for his having lived in it. Even as a child, it seemed, Lincoln dreamed heroic dreams. He somehow had to escape that hard-scrabble farm from which he was born. No schooling was possible for him, except a few weeks here, a few weeks there. But he read books in every spare moment he could find. It was said when he got a copy of the King James Bible or "Aesop's Fables," he was so excited he couldn't sleep. He couldn't eat. The great poet Emily Dickinson once said, "There is no frigate like a book to take us lands away." How true for Lincoln. Though he never would travel to Europe, he went with Shakespeare's kings to merry England, he went with Lord Byron's poetry to Spain and Portugal. Literature allowed him to transcend his surroundings. But there were so many losses in his early life that he was haunted by death. His mother died when he was only nine years old; his only sister, Sarah, in childbirth a few years later; and his first love, Ann Rutledge, at the age of 22. Moreover, when his mother lay dying, she did not hold out for him the hope that they would meet in an afterworld. She simply said to him, "Abraham, I'm going away from you now, and I shall never return." As a result he became obsessed with the thought that when we die our life is swept away -- dust to dust. But only as he grew older did he develop a certain consolation from an ancient Greek notion -- but followed by other cultures as well -- that if you could accomplish something worthy in your life, you could live on in the memory of others. Your honor and your reputation would outlive your earthly existence. And that worthy ambition became his lodestar. It carried him through the one significant depression that he suffered when he was in his early 30s. Three things had combined to lay him low. He had broken his engagement with Mary Todd, not certain he was ready to marry her, but knowing how devastating it was to her that he did that. His one intimate friend, Joshua Speed, was leaving Illinois to go back to Kentucky because Speed's father had died. And his political career in the state legislature was on a downward slide. He was so depressed that friends worried he was suicidal. They took all knives and razors and scissors from his room. And his great friend Speed went to his side and said, "Lincoln, you must rally or you will die." He said that, "I would just as soon die right now, but I've not yet done anything to make any human being remember that I have lived." So fueled by that ambition, he returned to the state legislature. He eventually won a seat in Congress. He then ran twice for the Senate, lost twice. "Everyone is broken by life," Ernest Hemingway once said, "but some people are stronger in the broken places." So then he surprised the nation with an upset victory for the presidency over three far more experienced, far more educated, far more celebrated rivals. And then when he won the general election, he stunned the nation even more by appointing each of these three rivals into his Cabinet. It was an unprecedented act at the time because everybody thought, "He'll look like a figurehead compared to these people." They said, "Why are you doing this, Lincoln?" He said, "Look, these are the strongest and most able men in the country. The country is in peril. I need them by my side." But perhaps my old friend Lyndon Johnson might have put it in less noble fashion: "Better to have your enemies inside the tent pissing out, than outside the tent pissing in." (Laughter) But it soon became clear that Abraham Lincoln would emerge as the undisputed captain of this unruly team. For each of them soon came to understand that he possessed an unparalleled array of emotional strengths and political skills that proved far more important than the thinness of his external résumé. For one thing, he possessed an uncanny ability to empathize with and to think about other peoples' point of view. He repaired injured feelings that might have escalated into permanent hostility. He shared credit with ease, assumed responsibility for the failure of his subordinates, constantly acknowledged his errors and learned from his mistakes. These are the qualities we should be looking for in our candidates in 2008. (Applause) He refused to be provoked by petty grievances. He never submitted to jealousy or brooded over perceived slights. And he expressed his unshakeable convictions in everyday language, in metaphors, in stories. And with a beauty of language -- almost as if the Shakespeare and the poetry he had so loved as a child had worked their way into his very soul. In 1863, when the Emancipation Proclamation was signed, he brought his old friend, Joshua Speed, back to the White House, and remembered that conversation of decades before, when he was so sad. And he, pointing to the Proclamation, said, "I believe, in this measure, my fondest hopes will be realized." But as he was about to put his signature on the Proclamation his own hand was numb and shaking because he had shaken a thousand hands that morning at a New Year's reception. So he put the pen down. He said, "If ever my soul were in an act, it is in this act. But if I sign with a shaking hand, posterity will say, 'He hesitated.'" So he waited until he could take up the pen and sign with a bold and clear hand. But even in his wildest dreams, Lincoln could never have imagined how far his reputation would reach. I was so thrilled to find an interview with the great Russian writer, Leo Tolstoy, in a New York newspaper in the early 1900s. And in it, Tolstoy told of a trip that he'd recently made to a very remote area of the Caucasus, where there were only wild barbarians, who had never left this part of Russia. Knowing that Tolstoy was in their midst, they asked him to tell stories of the great men of history. So he said, "I told them about Napoleon and Alexander the Great and Frederick the Great and Julius Caesar, and they loved it. But before I finished, the chief of the barbarians stood up and said, 'But wait, you haven't told us about the greatest ruler of them all. We want to hear about that man who spoke with a voice of thunder, who laughed like the sunrise, who came from that place called America, which is so far from here, that if a young man should travel there, he would be an old man when he arrived. Tell us of that man. Tell us of Abraham Lincoln.'" He was stunned. He told them everything he could about Lincoln. And then in the interview he said, "What made Lincoln so great? Not as great a general as Napoleon, not as great a statesman as Frederick the Great." But his greatness consisted, and historians would roundly agree, in the integrity of his character and the moral fiber of his being. So in the end that powerful ambition that had carried Lincoln through his bleak childhood had been realized. That ambition that had allowed him to laboriously educate himself by himself, to go through that string of political failures and the darkest days of the war. His story would be told. So as for that second sphere, not of work, but of love -- encompassing family, friends and colleagues -- it, too, takes work and commitment. The Lyndon Johnson that I saw in the last years of his life, when I helped him on his memoirs, was a man who had spent so many years in the pursuit of work, power and individual success, that he had absolutely no psychic or emotional resources left to get him through the days once the presidency was gone. My relationship with him began on a rather curious level. I was selected as a White House Fellow when I was 24 years old. We had a big dance at the White House. President Johnson did dance with me that night. Not that peculiar -- there were only three women out of the 16 White House Fellows. But he did whisper in my ear that he wanted me to work directly for him in the White House. But it was not to be that simple. For in the months leading up to my selection, like many young people, I'd been active in the anti-Vietnam War movement, and had written an article against Lyndon Johnson, which unfortunately came out in The New Republic two days after the dance in the White House. (Laugher) And the theme of the article was how to remove Lyndon Johnson from power. (Laughter) So I was certain he would kick me out of the program. But instead, surprisingly, he said, "Oh, bring her down here for a year, and if I can't win her over, no one can." So I did end up working for him in the White House. Eventually accompanied him to his ranch to help him on those memoirs, never fully understanding why he'd chosen me to spend so many hours with. I like to believe it was because I was a good listener. He was a great storyteller. Fabulous, colorful, anecdotal stories. There was a problem with these stories, however, which I later discovered, which is that half of them weren't true. But they were great, nonetheless. (Laughter) So I think that part of his attraction for me was that I loved listening to his tall tales. But I also worried that part of it was that I was then a young woman. And he had somewhat of a minor league womanizing reputation. So I constantly chatted to him about boyfriends, even when I didn't have any at all. Everything was working perfectly, until one day he said he wanted to discuss our relationship. Sounded very ominous when he took me nearby to the lake, conveniently called Lake Lyndon Baines Johnson. And there was wine and cheese and a red-checked tablecloth -- all the romantic trappings. And he started out, "Doris, more than any other woman I have ever known ... " And my heart sank. And then he said, "You remind me of my mother." (Laughter) It was pretty embarrassing, given what was going on in my mind. But I must say, the older I've gotten, the more I realize what an incredible privilege it was to have spent so many hours with this aging lion of a man. A victor in a thousand contests, three great civil rights laws, Medicare, aid to education. And yet, roundly defeated in the end by the war in Vietnam. And because he was so sad and so vulnerable, he opened up to me in ways he never would have had I known him at the height of his power -- sharing his fears, his sorrows and his worries. And I'd like to believe that the privilege fired within me the drive to understand the inner person behind the public figure, that I've tried to bring to each of my books since then. But it also brought home to me the lessons which Erik Erikson had tried to instill in all of us about the importance of finding balance in life. For on the surface, Lyndon Johnson should have had everything in the world to feel good about in those last years, in the sense that he had been elected to the presidency; he had all the money he needed to pursue any leisure activity he wanted; he owned a spacious ranch in the countryside, a penthouse in the city, sailboats, speedboats. He had servants to answer any whim, and he had a family who loved him deeply. And yet, years of concentration solely on work and individual success meant that in his retirement he could find no solace in family, in recreation, in sports or in hobbies. It was almost as if the hole in his heart was so large that even the love of a family, without work, could not fill it. As his spirits sagged, his body deteriorated until, I believe, he slowly brought about his own death. In those last years, he said he was so sad watching the American people look toward a new president and forgetting him. He spoke with immense sadness in his voice, saying maybe he should have spent more time with his children, and their children in turn. But it was too late. Despite all that power, all that wealth, he was alone when he finally died -- his ultimate terror realized. So as for that third sphere of play, which he never had learned to enjoy, I've learned over the years that even this sphere requires a commitment of time and energy -- enough so that a hobby, a sport, a love of music, or art, or literature, or any form of recreation, can provide true pleasure, relaxation and replenishment. So deep, for instance, was Abraham Lincoln's love of Shakespeare, that he made time to spend more than a hundred nights in the theater, even during those dark days of the war. He said, when the lights went down and a Shakespeare play came on, for a few precious hours he could imagine himself back in Prince Hal's time. But an even more important form of relaxation for him, that Lyndon Johnson never could enjoy, was a love of -- somehow -- humor, and feeling out what hilarious parts of life can produce as a sidelight to the sadness. He once said that he laughed so he did not cry, that a good story, for him, was better than a drop of whiskey. His storytelling powers had first been recognized when he was on the circuit in Illinois. The lawyers and the judges would travel from one county courthouse to the other, and when anyone was knowing Lincoln was in town, they would come from miles around to listen to him tell stories. He would stand with his back against a fire and entertain the crowd for hours with his winding tales. And all these stories became part of his memory bank, so he could call on them whenever he needed to. And they're not quite what you might expect from our marble monument. One of his favorite stories, for example, had to do with the Revolutionary War hero, Ethan Allen. And as Lincoln told the story, Mr. Allen went to Britain after the war. And the British people were still upset about losing the Revolution, so they decided to embarrass him a little bit by putting a huge picture of General Washington in the only outhouse, where he'd have to encounter it. They figured he'd be upset about the indignity of George Washington being in an outhouse. But he came out of the outhouse not upset at all. And so they said, "Well, did you see George Washington in there?" "Oh, yes," he said, "perfectly appropriate place for him." "What do you mean?" they said. "Well," he said, "there's nothing to make an Englishman shit faster than the sight of General George Washington." (Laughter) (Applause) So you can imagine, if you are in the middle of a tense cabinet meeting -- and he had hundreds of these stories -- you would have to relax. So between his nightly treks to the theater, his story telling, and his extraordinary sense of humor and his love of quoting Shakespeare and poetry, he found that form of play which carried him through his days. In my own life, I shall always be grateful for having found a form of play in my irrational love of baseball. Which allows me, from the beginning of spring training to the end of the fall, to have something to occupy my mind and heart other than my work. It all began when I was only six years old, and my father taught me that mysterious art of keeping score while listening to baseball games -- so that when he went to work in New York during the day, I could record for him the history of that afternoon's Brooklyn Dodgers game. Now, when you're only six years old, and your father comes home every single night and listens to you -- as I now realize that I, in excruciating detail, recounted every single play of every inning of the game that had just taken place that afternoon. But he made me feel I was telling him a fabulous story. It makes you think there's something magic about history to keep your father's attention. In fact, I'm convinced I learned the narrative art from those nightly sessions with my father. Because at first, I'd be so excited I would blurt out, "The Dodgers won!" or, "The Dodgers lost!" Which took much of the drama of this two-hour telling away. (Laughter) So I finally learned you had to tell a story from beginning to middle to end. I must say, so fervent was my love of the old Brooklyn Dodgers in those days that I had to confess in my first confession two sins that related to baseball. The first occurred because the Dodgers' catcher, Roy Campanella, came to my hometown of Rockville Centre, Long Island, just as I was in preparation for my first Holy Communion. And I was so excited -- first person I'd ever see outside of Ebbets Field. But it so happened he was speaking in a Protestant Church. When you are brought up as a Catholic, you think that if you ever set foot in a Protestant Church, you'll be struck dead at the threshold. So I went to my father in tears, "What are we going to do?" He said, "Don't worry. He's speaking in a parish hall. We're sitting in folding chairs. He's talking about sportsmanship. It's not a sin." But as I left that night, I was certain that somehow I'd traded the life of my everlasting soul for this one night with Roy Campanella. (Laughter) And there were no indulgences around that I could buy. So I had this sin on my soul when I went to my first confession. I told the priest right away. He said, "No problem. It wasn't a religious service." But then, unfortunately, he said, "And what else, my child?" And then came my second sin. I tried to sandwich it in between talking too much in church, wishing harm to others, being mean to my sisters. And he said, "To whom did you wish harm?" And I had to say that I wished that various New York Yankees players would break arms, legs and ankles -- (Laughter) -- so that the Brooklyn Dodgers could win their first World Series. He said, "How often do you make these horrible wishes?" And I had to say, every night when I said my prayers. (Laughter) So he said, "Look, I'll tell you something. I love the Brooklyn Dodgers, as you do, but I promise you some day they will win fairly and squarely. You do not need to wish harm on others to make it happen." "Oh yes," I said. But luckily, my first confession -- to a baseball-loving priest! (Laughter) Well, though my father died of a sudden heart attack when I was still in my 20s, before I had gotten married and had my three sons, I have passed his memory -- as well as his love of baseball -- on to my boys. Though when the Dodgers abandoned us to come to L.A., I lost faith in baseball until I moved to Boston and became an irrational Red Sox fan. And I must say, even now, when I sit with my sons with our season tickets, I can sometimes close my eyes against the sun and imagine myself, a young girl once more, in the presence of my father, watching the players of my youth on the grassy fields below: Jackie Robinson, Roy Campanella, Pee Wee Reese, and Duke Snider. I must say there is magic in these moments. When I open my eyes and I see my sons in the place where my father once sat, I feel an invisible loyalty and love linking my sons to the grandfather whose face they never had a chance to see, but whose heart and soul they have come to know through all the stories I have told. Which is why, in the end, I shall always be grateful for this curious love of history, allowing me to spend a lifetime looking back into the past. Allowing me to learn from these large figures about the struggle for meaning for life. Allowing me to believe that the private people we have loved and lost in our families, and the public figures we have respected in our history, just as Abraham Lincoln wanted to believe, really can live on, so long as we pledge to tell and to retell the stories of their lives. Thank you for letting me be that storyteller today. (Applause) Thank you.

The Long Now
Welcome to 10,000 feet. Let me explain why we are here and why some of you have a pine cone close to you. Once upon a time, I did a book called "How Buildings Learn." Today's event you might call "How Mountains Teach." A little background: For 10 years I've been trying to figure out how to hack civilization so that we can get long-term thinking to be automatic and common instead of difficult and rare -- or in some cases, non-existent. It would be helpful if humanity got into the habit of thinking of the now not just as next week or next quarter, but you know, next 10,000 years and the last 10,000 years -- basically civilization's story so far. So we have the Long Now Foundation in San Francisco. It's an incubator for about a dozen projects, all having to do with continuity over the long term. Our core project is a rather ambitious folly -- I suppose, a mythic undertaking: to build a 10,000-year clock that can really keep good time for that long a period. And the design problems of a project like that are just absolutely delicious. Go to the clock. And what we have here is something many of you saw here three years ago. It's the first working prototype of the clock. It's about nine feet high. Designed by Danny Hillis and Alexander Rose. It's presently in London, and is ticking away very deliberately at the science museum there. So the design problem for today is going to be, how do you house an eventual monumental clock like this so it can really tick, save time beautifully for 100 centuries? Well, this was the first solution. Alexander Rose came up with this idea of a spiraloid tower with continuous sloping ramps. And it looked like a way to go, until you start thinking about, what does deep time do to a building? Well, this is what deep time does to a building. This is the Parthenon. It's only 2,450 years old, and look what happened to it. Here's a beautiful project. They really knew it'd last forever, because they'd build it out of absolutely huge stones. And now it's a pathetic ruin and no one even knows what it was used for. That's what happens to buildings. They're vulnerable. Even the most durable and intactable buildings, like the pyramids of Giza, are in bad shape when you look up close. They've been looted inside and out. And they're built to protect things but they don't protect things. So we got to thinking, if you can't put things safely in a building, where can you safely put them? We thought, OK, underground. How about underground with a view? Underground in a place that's really solid. So the obvious answer was, we need a mountain. You don't want just any mountain. You need absolutely the right mountain if you're going to have a clock for 10,000 years. So here's an image of the long view of the search problem. And we got to thinking for various reasons it ought to be a desert mountain, so we got looking in the dry areas of the Southwest. We looked at mesas in New Mexico. We were looking at dead volcanoes in Arizona. Then Roger Kennedy, who was the director of the National Parks Service, led us to Eastern Nevada, to America's newest and oldest national park, which is called Great Basin National Park. It's right on the eastern border of Nevada. It's the highest range in the state -- over 13,000 feet. And you'll notice that on the left, on the left, on the west, it's very steep, and on the right it's gentle. This place is remote. It's over 200 miles from any major city. It's nowhere near any Interstate or railroad. And it's -- the only thing that goes by is what's called America's loneliest highway, U.S. 50. Now, inside the yellow line here, on the right is -- that's all national park. Inside the green line is national forest. And then over to the left is Bureau of Land Management land and some private land. Now, as it happened, that two-mile-long strip right in the middle, this vertical, was available because it was private land. And thanks to Jay Walker who was here and Mitch Kapor who was here, who started the process, Long Now was able to get that two-mile-long strip of land. And now let's look at the grand truth of what's there. We're in Pole Canyon, looking west up the western escarpment of Mount Washington, which is 11,600 feet on top. Those white cliffs are a dense Cambrian limestone. That's a 2,000-foot thick formation, and it might be a beautiful place to hide a clock. It would be a pilgrimage to get to it; it would be a serious hike to get up to where the clock is. So last June, the Long Now board, some staff and some donors and advisors, made a two-week expedition to the mountain to explore it and investigate, one, if it's the right mountain, and two, if it's the right mountain, how it might actually work for us. Now Danny Hillis sort of framed the problem. He has a theory of how the overall clock experience should work. It's what he calls the seven stages of a mythic adventure. It starts with the image. The image is a picture you have in your mind of the goal at the end of the journey. In this case it might well be an image of the clock. Then there's the point of embarkation, that is, the point of transition from ordinary life to being a pilgrim on a quest. Then -- this is a nice image of it, there's the labyrinth. The labyrinth is a concept, it's like a twilight zone, it's a place where it's difficult, where you get disoriented, maybe you get scared -- but you have to go through it if you're going to get to some kind of deep reintegration. Then there should always be in sight the draw -- a kind of a beacon that draws you on through the labyrinth to finish the process of getting there. Now Brian Eno, who's been in the thick of the Long Now process, spent two years making a C.D. called "January 7003," and it's "Bell Studies for the Clock of the Long Now." Based on -- parts of it are based on an algorithm that Danny Hillis developed, so that a peal of 10 bells makes a different peal every day for 10,000 years. The Hillis algorithm. 10 factorial gives you that number. And in fact, pretty soon we'll hear the sound. January 7003. There it is. OK, back to Danny's list. Number five of the seven is the payoff. This is it. The climax. The goal. The main thing that you're trying to get to. And then Danny says a really great journey will have a secret payoff. Something you didn't expect that caps what you did expect. Then there's the return. You've got to have a gradual return to the ordinary world, so you have time to assimilate what you've learned.   And then, how about a memento? Number seven. At the end of it there's something physical, a kind of reward that you take away. It might be a piece of a core drill of the mountain. Something that's just yours. How do you study a mountain for the kinds of things we're talking about? This is not a normal building project. What do you look for? What are the elements that will most affect your ideas and decisions? Start with borders. If you look on the left side of the cliffs here, that's national park. That's sacrosanct -- you can't do anything with that. To the right of it is national forest. There's possibilities. The borders are important. Other elements were mines, weather, approaches and elevation. And especially trees. Look at those things up on top there. It turns out that Mount Washington is covered with bristlecone pines. They're the world's oldest living thing. People think they're just the size of shrubs, but that's not actually true. There are trees on that mountain that are 5,000 years old and still living. The wood is so solid it's like stone, and it lasts for a long time. So when you do tree ring studies of trunks that are on the mountain, some of them go back 10,000 years. The stone itself is absolutely beautiful, sculpted by millennia of very tough winters up there. We had tree ring analysts from the University of Arizona join us on the expedition. Now, if you guys have a pine cone handy, now's a good time to put it in your hand and feel it, especially on the end. That's interesting. You'll find out why it's called a bristlecone pine. A little sensory experience.   Here's Danny Hillis in the midst of a bristlecone pine forest on Long Now land. I should say that the age of bristlecones was discovered, led by a theory. Edmund Schulman in the 1950s had been studying trees under great stress at Timberline, and came to the realization that he put in an article in Science magazine called, "Longevity under Adversity in Conifers." And then, based on that principle, he started looking around at the various trees at Timberline, and realized that the bristlecone pines -- he found some in the White Mountains that were over 4,000 years old. Longevity under adversity is a pretty interesting design principle in its own right.   OK, onto the mines. The first asking price for the property when we looked at it in 1998 was one billion dollars for 180 acres and a couple of mines. Because the owner said, "There's one billion dollars of beryllium in that mountain." And we said, "Wow, that's great. Listen, we'll counter. How about zero? (Laughter) And we're a non-profit foundation, you can give us the property and take a hell of a tax deduction. (Laughter) All you have to do is prove to the government it's worth a billion dollars." Well, a few years went by and there was some kind of back and forth, and by and by, thanks to Mitch and Jay, we were able to buy the whole property for 140,000 dollars. This is one of the mines. It doesn't have any beryllium in it. It's called the Pole Adit. And it does have tungsten, a little bit of tungsten, left over, that's the kind of mine it was. But it goes a mile-and-a-half in a straight line, due east into the range, into very interesting territory -- except that, as you'll see when we go inside in a minute, we were hoping for limestone but in there is just shale. And shale is not quite completely competent rock. Competent rock is rock that will hold itself up without any shoring. The shale would like some shoring, and so parts of it are caved in in there. That's Ben Roberts from -- he's the bat specialist from the National Park. But there are many wonders back in there, like this weird fungus on some of the collapsed timbers. OK, here's another mine that's up on top of the property, and it dates back to 1870. That's what the property was originally built around -- it was a set of mining claims. It was a very productive silver mine. In fact, it was the highest-operating mine in Nevada, and it ran year round. You can imagine what it was like in the winter at 10,000 feet. You may recognize a couple of the miners there. There's Jeff Bezos on the right and Paul Saville on the left looking for galena,   which is the lead-silver thing. They didn't find any. They both kept their day jobs. Here's the last mine. It's called the Bonanza Adit. It's down in a canyon. And Alexander Rose on the left there worked with a bunch of people from the National Park to survey the whole mine. It's a mile deep. And they also found four species of bats in there. Now, almost all those mines, by the way, meet underneath the mountain. They don't quite, but it's something to think about. They don't quite meet. Let's go to weather. Mountains specialize in interesting weather. Way more interesting than Monterey even today. And so one Tuesday morning last June, there we were. Woke up in the morning -- the mountain was covered with snow. That was a great time to go up and visit our weather station which again, thanks to Mitch Kapor, we're building up there. And it's a pretty interesting scene. This is, on the left there, the joyful lady is Pat Irwin, who's the regional head of the National Forest Service, and they gave us the temporary use permit to be there. We want a temporary use permit for the clock, eventually -- 10,000-year temporary use permit. (Laughter) The weather station's pretty interesting. Kurt Bollacker and Alexander Rose designed a radically wireless station. It runs on solar, and it sends a signal with that antenna and bounces it off of micrometeorite trails in the atmosphere to a place in Bozeman, Montana, where the data is taken down and then sent through landlines to San Francisco, where we put the data in real time up on our website. And there you see a week of weather at 9,400 feet on Mount Washington. Let's go to approaches. As it happens, there are no trails anywhere on Mount Washington, just a few old mining roads like this, so you have to bushwhack everywhere. But there's no bears, and there's no poison oak, and there's basically no people because this place has been empty for a long time.   You can hike for days and not encounter anybody. Well, here's a potential approach. You need to come up the Lincoln Canyon. It's this beautiful world all of its own, surrounded by cliffs, and it's an easy hike to stroll up the canyon bottom, until you get to this barrier, and it actually presents a problem. So you can scratch Lincoln Canyon as an approach. Another possible approach is right up the western front of the mountain. You can see why we sometimes call it Long Mountain. And from where you're standing at 6,000 feet in the valley, it's an easy hike up to the mature pinyon and juniper forest through that knoll at the front at 7,600 feet. And you can carry right on up through meadows and steepening forest to the high base of the cliffs at 10,500 feet, where there's a bit of a problem. Now, Jeff Bezos advised us when he left at the end of the expedition, "Make the clock inaccessible. The harder it is to get to, the more people will value it." And check -- those are 600-foot vertical walls there. So Alexander Rose wanted to explore this route, and he started over here on the left from his pickup truck at 8,900 feet and headed up the mountain. Now, as you gain elevation your IQ goes down -- (Laughter) but your emotional affect goes up, which is great for having a mythic experience,  whether you want to or not. In fact, Danny Hillis can estimate altitude by how much math he can't do in his head. (Laughter) Now, I happened to be on the radio with Alexander when he got to this point at the base of the cliffs, and he said, quote,   "There's a hidden notch. I think I can get up a ways." Now, he's a rock climber, but you know, he's our executive director. I don't want him killed. I know he's going to love cliffs. I'm saying, "Be careful, be careful, be careful." Then he starts going up, and the next thing I hear is, "I'm half-way up. It's like climbing stairs. I'm going up 60 degrees. It's a secret passage. It's like something from Tolkien." And I'm going, "Careful, careful. Please be careful." And then, of course, the next thing I hear is, "I've made it to the top. You can see all of creation from up here." And he dashed across the top of the mountains. In fact, there he is. That's Alexander Rose. First ascent of the western face to Mount Washington, and a solo ascent at that. This discovery changed everything about our sense of these cliffs and what to do with them. We realized that we had to name this thing that Alexander discovered. How about Zander's Crevice? No. (Laughter) So we finally decided on Alexander's Siq. Zander's Siq is named after -- some of you have been to Petra, there's this wonderful slot canyon that leads into Petra called the Siq, and so this is the Siq. And it really is hidden. I can't find it in this image, and I'm not sure you can. Only when you get fresh snow can you see just along the rim there, and that brings it out. Now, Danny and I were up at this same area one day, and Danny looked over to the right and noticed something halfway up the cliffs, which is a kind of a porch or a cliff shelf with bristlecones on it, and supposed that people going up to the clock inside the mountain could come out onto that shelf and look down at the view. And the people toiling up the mountain could see them, these tiny little people up there, incredibly halfway up the cliff. How did they get there? Do I have to do that? And so that maybe becomes part of the draw and part of the labyrinth. You can get another angle on Danny's porch by going around to the south and looking north at the whole formation there.   And you need to know that Danny's clock is to be kept accurate by a ray of sunshine, that perfect noon hitting it every sunny day, and the pulse of heat from that sets off a solar trigger which resets the clock to make it perfectly accurate. So even with the slowing of the rotation of the earth and so on, the clock will keep perfectly good time. So here we're looking from the south, look north. This is all Forest Service land. If you go up on top of those cliffs, that's some of the Long Now land in those trees. And if you go up there and look back, then you'll get a sense of what the view starts to be like from the top of the mountain. That's the long view. That's 80 miles to the horizon. And that's also timberline and those bristlecones really are shrubs. That's a different place to be. It's 11,400 feet and it's exquisite. Now, if you go over to the right from this image to looking at the edge of the cliffs, it's 600 foot, just about a yard to the left of Kurt Bollacker's foot, there is a 600-foot drop. He's ambling on over to Zander's Siq. That's what it looks like looking down it. We should probably put in a rail or something. Over on the eastern side it's gentle, as you can see. And that's not snow -- that's what the white limestone looks like. You also see there a bighorn sheep. Their herd was reintroduced from Wyoming. And they're doing pretty well, but they've got a bit of trouble. This is Danny Hillis, and he's figuring out a design problem. he's trying to determine if where he is on a bit of Long Now land would appear from down in the valley to be the actual peak of the mountain. because the real peak is hidden around the corner. This is what in the infantry we used to call the military crest. And as it turned out the answer is, yes, that is from down below in the valley it does look like the peak, and that might be conjured with. We gradually realized we have three serious design domains to work on with this. One is the experience of the mountain. Another is the experience in the mountain. And the third is the experience from the mountain, which is really dominated by the view shed of the spring valley there behind Danny, and if you look off to the right, out there, 15 miles across to the Schell Creek range. In the front, there are 10 ranches strung right along the base of the mountains using the water from the mountains. In fact, there are artesian wells where water springs right into the air. One of the ranches is called the Kirkeby Ranch, and I'll take you there for a minute. It's a very nice ranch. Alfalfa and cattle, run by Paul and Ronnie Brenham, and it's pretty idyllic. It's also hard work. And most of these ranches are having trouble keeping going. This is their view to the west of the Schell Creek range. And if you go out to that line of trees at the far end, you'll see what the valley used to look like. This is Rocky Mountain junipers that have been there for thousands of years. And a scheme emerged that Long Now is looking to see if it might be possible to buy up the whole valley, because those 10 ranches with their 17,000 acres dominate a 500 square mile valley with their grazing allotments and so on,   and there's a possibility that you could get the whole thing for five million dollars and gradually restore it to its wild condition, and somewhere in the process turn it back over to the National Park, and it would double the size of Great Basin National Park. That would be swell. OK, let's take one more look at the mountain itself. The clock experience should be profound, but from the outside it should be invisible. Now, at the base of the high cliffs there's this natural cave. It's only about 12 feet deep, but what if it were deepened from inside? You excavated from somewhere, came up from inside and deepened it. And then you could have an entrance which was very rough and narrow as you first went in, that gradually becomes more refined and then actually quite exquisite. And this stone takes a perfect polish. You'd have a polished set of passages and chambers in there eventually leading to the 10,000 year clock. And it's not a mine. This would be a nuanced evocation of the basic structure of the mountain, and you would be appreciating it as much from inside as you do from outside.   This is architecture not made by building, but by what you very carefully take away. So that's what the mountain taught us. Most of the amazingness of the clock we can borrow from the amazingness of the mountain. All we have to do is highlight its spectacular features and blend in with them. It's not a clock in a mountain -- it's a mountain clock. Now, the Tewa Indians in the Southwest have a saying for what you need to do when you want to think long term about anything. They say, "pin peya obe" -- welcome to the mountain. Thank you. (Applause)

A wide-angle view of fragile Earth
I have a big impact on the planet to travel here by plane. I emitted, in the atmosphere, nine tons of CO2; that is the weight of two elephants. I came here to speak about ecology, and I emitted as much CO2 as a Frenchman in one year. So what do I have to do? I have to kill a Frenchman when I come back at home? (Laughter) I have to do my carbon offset in another way, like I do every time. (Laughter) In fact my work is to show our impact on our planet. I'm going to show you some examples of the last pictures I've done in the last year. Alberta sand oil, a lot of pollution. You know the problem; we don't want to believe what we know. In Alberta people work nonstop, 24 hours by seven to extract as much oil as they can. We know about the end of oil. Oil sand is not a long-term solution. But we use three times more oil than we find every year. We don't want to believe what we know. Deny. Coral reef in New Caledonia. 100 percent of the coral may be wiped out before 2050 because of global warming. And you know how coral are very sensitive to temperature, and are very important for the biodiversity of the sea. North Pole. I've done this picture last summer. It was impossible to do this picture 15 years ago. Now there is a new way open between Atlantic and Pacific. The thickness of the Arctic decreased more than 40 percent since 1960. There is a new face of Kilimanjaro without ice. Sad picture. It lost 80 percent of its ice. According to scientists, in 100 years all the mountain glacier will be gone. Glaciers are very important for the life on earth. Like Al Gore told you, two billion people live on the water from the glacier of Himalaya. Return of fish men. One fifth of human kind depend on fish to live. Today now 70 percent of the fish stock are over-exploited. According to FAO, if we don't change our system of fishing the main sea resources will be gone in 2050. We don't want to believe what we know. The beautiful picture, by [unclear] in Africa. One human of six have not enough to eat in the world. One billion people have not enough to eat. In Africa, corn is one of the main foods in many places. Here in America, 90 percent of the corn cultivated is used to feed animals or to do oil. Palm tree plantation in Borneo. Every year we lose 50 thousand square miles in deforestation. Refugee camp in Darfur. Today we have 20 million refugees in the world. According to the U.N., we speak about 250 million refugees in 2050. I always show my pictures in the street. We have done already 100 exhibitions in the cities. But how to understand the world without the voice of people? Landscape was not enough. It was obvious to me to do another work. I launched a project named Six Billion Others. I sent around the world six cameramen asking the same question, the same crucial question, about life. We have done five thousand interviews. I'm going to show you this. Man: The most beautiful thing that has happened to me in life? It's when my dad told me, "Here, I give you this girl as your fiance." Woman: Love? Love is nice if you can have it. Second Man: Romeo and Juliet, Sassi and Panno, Dodi and Diana, Heer and Ranjha, this is love! Third Man: My greatest fear is ... Woman: You're asking me a hard question. Fourth Man: I live happily because what else should I do? Fifth Man: The first thing I remember ... (Sixth Man: That's how I learned, by my mother,) Fifth Man: ... from my childhood, (Sixth Man: that you should respect humans.) Fifth Man: we were having fun, biking. (Sixth Man: I will never forget those words.) Seventh Man: We invented stories, we flew around the world, while remaining in our attic. Eighth Man: I had a big laugh today. Ninth Man: You see, family is ... it's awful. 10th Man: In the word life, you have the life. 11th Man: Who am I? Isn't that the biggest question? 12th Man: If I was to go back to Iraq and speak to the people, I'd have to bow down and kiss their feet. Just as that woman tried to kiss my feet when we were taking her sons. I feel ashamed. And I feel humbled by their strength. And I will forever feel a need to make reparations to Iraq. Second Woman: Dad, Mom, I grew up. You shouldn't worry about me. Dad doesn't need to go to work. My family ... What can I say? At the moment, my family is very poor, my life here in Shenzhen is just about showing myself that I can earn more and to let my parents stay and have something to live on. I don't want them to spend their whole lives in poverty. If someday I can achieve something, I would like to say thank you daddy and mommy. Thank you. Thank you for having fed me and raised me, and for making my life of today. Thank you. 13th Man: After seven years now of being in a wheelchair, I've done more in life being in a chair than out of a chair. I still surf. I sail the world. I freedive. After many people said I couldn't do that. And I think that comes from connecting with nature, connecting with the energy of life, because we're all disabled in some way on the planet -- spiritually, mentally or physically. I got the easy part. 14th Man: Let's say that you and me like each other. You come from elsewhere. You don't know me. I don't know you. We talk without lying. If I do like you, I give you one cow and many other things and we become friends. How can we make it all by ourselves? (Applause) YAB: You can also go to the website, answer -- respond to the questions also. Forty crucial questions. Now I am going to speak to you about my movie. For the last three years, I was shooting the earth for the movie. The name of the movie is "Home" -- "Maison." It is about the state of the planet. It's a fantastic story of life on the earth. I'm very proud to show you the teaser. Video: This Earth is four and a half billion years old. These plants, several hundred million years old. And we humans have been walking upright for only 200 thousand years. We've managed to adapt, and have conquered the whole planet. For generations, we've been raising our children, not unlike millions of other species living beside us. For the past 30 years I've been closely watching the earth and its dwellers from high up in the sky. Our life is tied to the well-being of our planet. We depend on water, forests, deserts, oceans. Fishing, breeding, farming are still the world's foremost human occupations. And what binds us together is far greater than what divides us. We all share the same need for the earth's gifts -- the same wish to rise above ourselves, and become better. And yet we carry on raising walls to keep us apart. Today our greatest battle is to protect the natural offerings of our planet. In less than 50 years we've altered it more thoroughly than in the entire history of mankind. Half of the world's forests have vanished. Water resources are running low. Intensive farming is depleting soils. Our energy sources are not sustainable. The climate is changing. We are endangering ourselves. We're only trying to improve our lives. But the wealth gaps are growing wider. We haven't yet understood that we're going at a much faster pace than the planet can sustain. We know that solutions are available today. We all have the power to change this trend for the better. So what are we waiting for? (Applause) YAB: Luc Besson is the producer of the movie. But it is not a normal movie. The film is going to be distributed free. This film has no copyright. On the five of June, the environment day, everybody can download the movie on Internet. The film is given for free to the distributor for TV and theater to show it the fifth of June. There is no business on this movie. It is also available for school, cities, NGOs and you. We have to believe what we know. Let me tell you something. It's too late to be pessimistic -- really too late. We have all a part of the solutions. To finish, I would like to welcome the 4,700th baby born since the beginning of this talk. Merci beaucoup. I love you. (Applause)

Adjustable liquid-filled eyeglasses
I'm going to tell you about one of the world's largest problems and how it can be solved. I'd like to start with a little experiment. Could you put your hand up if you wear glasses or contact lenses, or you've had laser refractive surgery? Now, unfortunately, there are too many of you for me to do the statistics properly. But it looks like -- I'm guessing -- that it'll be about 60 percent of the room because that's roughly the fraction of developed world population that have some sort of vision correction. The World Health Organization estimates -- well, they make various estimates of the number of people who need glasses -- the lowest estimate is 150 million people. They also have an estimate of around a billion. But in fact, I would argue that we've just done an experiment here and now, which shows us that the global need for corrective eyewear is around half of any population. And the problem of poor vision, is actually not just a health problem, it's also an educational problem, and it's an economic problem, and it's a quality of life problem. Glasses are not very expensive. They're quite plentiful. The problem is, there aren't enough eye care professionals in the world to use the model of the delivery of corrective eyewear that we have in the developed world. There are just way too few eye care professionals. So this little slide here shows you an optometrist and the little blue person represents about 10,000 people and that's the ratio in the U.K. This is the ratio of optometrists to people in sub-Saharan Africa. In fact, there are some countries in sub-Saharan Africa where there's one optometrist for eight million of the population. How do you do this? How do you solve this problem? I came up with a solution to this problem, and I came up with a solution based on adaptive optics for this. And the idea is you make eye glasses, and you adjust them yourself and that solves the problem. What I want to do is to show you that one can make a pair of glasses. I shall just show you how you make a pair of glasses. I shall pop this in my pocket. I'm short sighted. I look at the signs at the end, I can hardly see them. So -- okay, I can now see that man running out there, and I can see that guy running out there. I've now made prescription eyewear to my prescription. Next step in my process. So, I've now made eye glasses to my prescription. Okay, so I've made these glasses and ... Okay, I've made the glasses to my prescription and ... ... I've just ... And I've now made some glasses. That's it. (Applause) Now, these aren't the only pair in the world. In fact, this technology's been evolving. I started working on it in 1985, and it's been evolving very slowly. There are about 30,000 in use now. And they're in fifteen countries. They're spread around the world. And I have a vision, which I'll share with you. I have a global vision for vision. And that vision is to try to get a billion people wearing the glasses they need by the year 2020. To do that -- this is an early example of the technology. The technology is being further developed -- the cost has to be brought down. This pair, in fact, these currently cost about 19 dollars. But the cost has to be brought right down. It has to be brought down because we're trying to serve populations who live on a dollar a day. How do you solve this problem? You start to get into detail. And on this slide, I'm basically explaining all the problems you have. How do you distribute? How do you work out how to fit the thing? How do you have people realizing that they have a vision problem? How do you deal with the industry? And the answer to that is research. What we've done is to set up the Center for Vision in the Developing World here in the university. If you want to know more, just come have a look at our website. Thank you. (Applause)

Sampling the ocean's DNA
At the break, I was asked by several people about my comments about the aging debate. And this will be my only comment on it. And that is, I understand that optimists greatly outlive pessimists. (Laughter) What I'm going to tell you about in my 18 minutes is how we're about to switch from reading the genetic code to the first stages of beginning to write the code ourselves. It's only 10 years ago this month when we published the first sequence of a free-living organism, that of haemophilus influenzae. That took a genome project from 13 years down to four months. We can now do that same genome project in the order of two to eight hours. So in the last decade, a large number of genomes have been added: most human pathogens, a couple of plants, several insects and several mammals, including the human genome. Genomics at this stage of the thinking from a little over 10 years ago was, by the end of this year, we might have between three and five genomes sequenced; it's on the order of several hundred. We just got a grant from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation to sequence 130 genomes this year, as a side project from environmental organisms. So the rate of reading the genetic code has changed. But as we look, what's out there, we've barely scratched the surface on what is available on this planet. Most people don't realize it, because they're invisible, but microbes make up about a half of the Earth's biomass, whereas all animals only make up about one one-thousandth of all the biomass. And maybe it's something that people in Oxford don't do very often, but if you ever make it to the sea, and you swallow a mouthful of seawater, keep in mind that each milliliter has about a million bacteria and on the order of 10 million viruses. Less than 5,000 microbial species have been characterized as of two years ago, and so we decided to do something about it. And we started the Sorcerer II Expedition, where we were, as with great oceanographic expeditions, trying to sample the ocean every 200 miles. We started in Bermuda for our test project, then moved up to Halifax, working down the U.S. East Coast, the Caribbean Sea, the Panama Canal, through to the Galapagos, then across the Pacific, and we're in the process now of working our way across the Indian Ocean. It's very tough duty; we're doing this on a sailing vessel, in part to help excite young people about going into science. The experiments are incredibly simple. We just take seawater and we filter it, and we collect different size organisms on different filters, and then take their DNA back to our lab in Rockville, where we can sequence a hundred million letters of the genetic code every 24 hours. And with doing this, we've made some amazing discoveries. For example, it was thought that the visual pigments that are in our eyes -- there was only one or two organisms in the environment that had these same pigments. It turns out, almost every species in the upper parts of the ocean in warm parts of the world have these same photoreceptors, and use sunlight as the source of their energy and communication. From one site, from one barrel of seawater, we discovered 1.3 million new genes and as many as 50,000 new species. We've extended this to the air now with a grant from the Sloan Foundation. We're measuring how many viruses and bacteria all of us are breathing in and out every day, particularly on airplanes or closed auditoriums. (Laughter) We filter through some simple apparatuses; we collect on the order of a billion microbes from just a day filtering on top of a building in New York City. And we're in the process of sequencing all that at the present time. Just on the data collection side, just where we are through the Galapagos, we're finding that almost every 200 miles, we see tremendous diversity in the samples in the ocean. Some of these make logical sense, in terms of different temperature gradients. So this is a satellite photograph based on temperatures -- red being warm, blue being cold -- and we found there's a tremendous difference between the warm water samples and the cold water samples, in terms of abundant species. The other thing that surprised us quite a bit is these photoreceptors detect different wavelengths of light, and we can predict that based on their amino acid sequence. And these vary tremendously from region to region. Maybe not surprisingly, in the deep ocean, where it's mostly blue, the photoreceptors tend to see blue light. When there's a lot of chlorophyll around, they see a lot of green light. But they vary even more, possibly moving towards infrared and ultraviolet in the extremes. Just to try and get an assessment of what our gene repertoire was, we assembled all the data -- including all of ours thus far from the expedition, which represents more than half of all the gene data on the planet -- and it totaled around 29 million genes. And we tried to put these into gene families to see what these discoveries are: Are we just discovering new members of known families, or are we discovering new families? And it turns out we have about 50,000 major gene families, but every new sample we take in the environment adds in a linear fashion to these new families. So we're at the earliest stages of discovery about basic genes, components and life on this planet. When we look at the so-called evolutionary tree, we're up on the upper right-hand corner with the animals. Of those roughly 29 million genes, we only have around 24,000 in our genome. And if you take all animals together, we probably share less than 30,000 and probably maybe a dozen or more thousand different gene families. I view that these genes are now not only the design components of evolution. And we think in a gene-centric view -- maybe going back to Richard Dawkins' ideas -- than in a genome-centric view, which are different constructs of these gene components. Synthetic DNA, the ability to synthesize DNA, has changed at sort of the same pace that DNA sequencing has over the last decade or two, and is getting very rapid and very cheap. Our first thought about synthetic genomics came when we sequenced the second genome back in 1995, and that from mycoplasma genitalium. And we have really nice T-shirts that say, you know, "I heart my genitalium." This is actually just a microorganism. But it has roughly 500 genes. Haemophilus had 1,800 genes. And we simply asked the question, if one species needs 800, another 500, is there a smaller set of genes that might comprise a minimal operating system? So we started doing transposon mutagenesis. Transposons are just small pieces of DNA that randomly insert in the genetic code. And if they insert in the middle of the gene, they disrupt its function. So we made a map of all the genes that could take transposon insertions and we called those "non-essential genes." But it turns out the environment is very critical for this, and you can only define an essential or non-essential gene based on exactly what's in the environment. We also tried to take a more directly intellectual approach with the genomes of 13 related organisms, and we tried to compare all of those, to see what they had in common. And we got these overlapping circles. And we found only 173 genes common to all 13 organisms. The pool expanded a little bit if we ignored one intracellular parasite; it expanded even more when we looked at core sets of genes of around 310 or so. So we think that we can expand or contract genomes, depending on your point of view here, to maybe 300 to 400 genes from the minimal of 500. The only way to prove these ideas was to construct an artificial chromosome with those genes in them, and we had to do this in a cassette-based fashion. We found that synthesizing accurate DNA in large pieces was extremely difficult. Ham Smith and Clyde Hutchison, my colleagues on this, developed an exciting new method that allowed us to synthesize a 5,000-base pair virus in only a two-week period that was 100 percent accurate, in terms of its sequence and its biology. It was a quite exciting experiment -- when we just took the synthetic piece of DNA, injected it in the bacteria and all of a sudden, that DNA started driving the production of the virus particles that turned around and then killed the bacteria. This was not the first synthetic virus -- a polio virus had been made a year before -- but it was only one ten-thousandth as active and it took three years to do. This is a cartoon of the structure of phi X 174. This is a case where the software now builds its own hardware, and that's the notions that we have with biology. People immediately jump to concerns about biological warfare, and I had recent testimony before a Senate committee, and a special committee the U.S. government has set up to review this area. And I think it's important to keep reality in mind, versus what happens with people's imaginations. Basically, any virus that's been sequenced today -- that genome can be made. And people immediately freak out about things about Ebola or smallpox, but the DNA from this organism is not infective. So even if somebody made the smallpox genome, that DNA itself would not cause infections. The real concern that security departments have is designer viruses. And there's only two countries, the U.S. and the former Soviet Union, that had major efforts on trying to create biological warfare agents. If that research is truly discontinued, there should be very little activity on the know-how to make designer viruses in the future. I think single-cell organisms are possible within two years. And possibly eukaryotic cells, those that we have, are possible within a decade. So we're now making several dozen different constructs, because we can vary the cassettes and the genes that go into this artificial chromosome. The key is, how do you put all of the others? We start with these fragments, and then we have a homologous recombination system that reassembles those into a chromosome. This is derived from an organism, deinococcus radiodurans, that can take three million rads of radiation and not be killed. It reassembles its genome after this radiation burst in about 12 to 24 hours, after its chromosomes are literally blown apart. This organism is ubiquitous on the planet, and exists perhaps now in outer space due to all our travel there. This is a glass beaker after about half a million rads of radiation. The glass started to burn and crack, while the microbes sitting in the bottom just got happier and happier. Here's an actual picture of what happens: the top of this shows the genome after 1.7 million rads of radiation. The chromosome is literally blown apart. And here's that same DNA automatically reassembled 24 hours later. It's truly stunning that these organisms can do that, and we probably have thousands, if not tens of thousands, of different species on this planet that are capable of doing that. After these genomes are synthesized, the first step is just transplanting them into a cell without a genome. So we think synthetic cells are going to have tremendous potential, not only for understanding the basis of biology but for hopefully environmental and society issues. For example, from the third organism we sequenced, Methanococcus jannaschii -- it lives in boiling water temperatures; its energy source is hydrogen and all its carbon comes from CO2 it captures back from the environment. So we know lots of different pathways, thousands of different organisms now that live off of CO2, and can capture that back. So instead of using carbon from oil for synthetic processes, we have the chance of using carbon and capturing it back from the atmosphere, converting that into biopolymers or other products. We have one organism that lives off of carbon monoxide, and we use as a reducing power to split water to produce hydrogen and oxygen. Also, there's numerous pathways that can be engineered metabolizing methane. And DuPont has a major program with Statoil in Norway to capture and convert the methane from the gas fields there into useful products. Within a short while, I think there's going to be a new field called "Combinatorial Genomics," because with these new synthesis capabilities, these vast gene array repertoires and the homologous recombination, we think we can design a robot to make maybe a million different chromosomes a day. And therefore, as with all biology, you get selection through screening, whether you're screening for hydrogen production, or chemical production, or just viability. To understand the role of these genes is going to be well within reach. We're trying to modify photosynthesis to produce hydrogen directly from sunlight. Photosynthesis is modulated by oxygen, and we have an oxygen-insensitive hydrogenase that we think will totally change this process. We're also combining cellulases, the enzymes that break down complex sugars into simple sugars and fermentation in the same cell for producing ethanol. Pharmaceutical production is already under way in major laboratories using microbes. The chemistry from compounds in the environment is orders of magnitude more complex than our best chemists can produce. I think future engineered species could be the source of food, hopefully a source of energy, environmental remediation and perhaps replacing the petrochemical industry. Let me just close with ethical and policy studies. We delayed the start of our experiments in 1999 until we completed a year-and-a-half bioethical review as to whether we should try and make an artificial species. Every major religion participated in this. It was actually a very strange study, because the various religious leaders were using their scriptures as law books, and they couldn't find anything in them prohibiting making life, so it must be OK. The only ultimate concerns were biological warfare aspects of this, but gave us the go ahead to start these experiments for the reasons we were doing them. Right now the Sloan Foundation has just funded a multi-institutional study on this, to work out what the risk and benefits to society are, and the rules that scientific teams such as my own should be using in this area, and we're trying to set good examples as we go forward. These are complex issues. Except for the threat of bio-terrorism, they're very simple issues in terms of, can we design things to produce clean energy, perhaps revolutionizing what developing countries can do and provide through various simple processes. Thank you very much.

Why we should invest in a free press
Video: Narrator: An event seen from one point of view gives one impression. Seen from another point of view, it gives quite a different impression. But it's only when you get the whole picture you can fully understand what's going on. Sasha Vucinic: It's a great clip, isn't it? And I found that in 29 seconds, it tells more about the power of, and importance of, independent media than I could say in an hour. So I thought that it will be good to start with it. And also start with a little bit of statistics. According to relevant researchers, 83 percent of the population of this planet lives in the societies without independent press. Think about that number: 83 percent of the population on the whole planet does not really know what is going on in their countries. The information they get gets filtered through somebody who either twists that information, or colors that information, does something with it. So they're deprived of understanding their reality. That is just to understand how big and important this problem is. Now those of you who are lucky enough to live in those societies that represent 17 percent, I think should enjoy it until it lasts. You know, Sunday morning, you flick the paper, get your cappuccino. Enjoy it while it lasts. Because as we heard yesterday, countries can lose stars from their flags, but they can also lose press freedom, as I guess Americans among us can tell us more about. But that's totally another and separate topic. So I can go back to my story. My story starts -- the story I want to share -- starts in 1991. At that time I was running B92, the only independent, for that matter the only electronic media, in the country. And I guess we were sharing -- we had that regular life of the only independent media in the country, operating in hostile environment, where government really wants to make your life miserable. And there are different ways. Yeah, it was the usual cocktail: a little bit of threats, a little bit of friendly advice, a little bit of financial police, a little bit of text control, so you always have somebody who never leaves your office. But what they really do, which is very powerful, and that is what governments in the late '90s started doing if they don't like independent media companies -- you know, they threaten your advertisers. Once they threaten your advertisers, market forces are actually, you know, destroyed, and the advertisers do not want to come -- no matter how much does it make sense for them -- do not want to come and advertise. And you have a problem making ends meet. At that time at the beginning of the '90s, we had that problem, which was, you know, survival below one side, but what was really painful for me was, remember, the beginning of the '90s, Yugoslavia is falling apart. We were sitting over there with a country in a downfall, in a slow-motion downfall. And we all had all of that on tapes. We had the ability to understand what was going on. We were actually recording history. The problem was that we had to re-tape that history a week later; because if we did not, we could not afford enough tapes to keep archives of that history. So if I gave you that picture, I don't want to go too long on that. In that context a gentleman came to my office at that time. It was still 1991. He was running a media systems organization which is still in business, the gentleman is still in business. And what did I know at that time about media systems? I would think media systems were organizations, which means they should help you. So I prepared two plans for that meeting, two strategic plans: the small one and the big one. The small one was, I just wanted him to help us get those damn tapes, so we can keep that archive for the next 50 years. The big plan was to ask him for a 1,000,000-dollar loan. Because I thought, I still maintain, that serious and independent media companies are great business. And I thought that B92 will survive and be a great company once Milosevic is gone, which turned out to be true. It's now probably either the biggest or the second biggest media company in the country. And I thought that the only thing that we needed at that time was 1,000,000-dollar loan to take us through those hard times. To make a long story short, the gentleman comes into the office, great suit and tie. I gave him what I thought was a brilliant explanation of the political situation and explained how hard and difficult the war will be. Actually, I underestimated the atrocities, I have to admit. Anyway, after that whole, big, long explanation, the only question he had for me -- and this is not a joke -- is, are we paying royalties after we broadcast music of Michael Jackson? That was really the only question he had. He left, and I remember being actually very angry at myself because I thought there must be an institution in the world that is providing loans to media companies. It's so obvious, straight in your face, and somebody must have thought of it. Somebody must have started something like that. And I thought, I'm just dumb and I cannot find it. You know, in my defense, there was no Google at that time; you could not just Google in '91. So I thought that that's actually my problem. Now we go from here, fast forward to 1995. I have -- I left the country, I have a meeting with George Soros, trying for the third time to convince him that his foundation should invest in something that should operate like a media bank. And basically what I was saying is very simple. You know, forget about charity; it doesn't work. Forget about handouts; 20,000 dollars do not help anybody. What you should do is you should treat media companies as a business. It's business anywhere. Media business, or any other business, it needs to be capitalized. And what these guys need, actually, is access to capital. So third meeting, arguments are pretty well exercised. At the end of the meeting he says, look, it is not going to work; you will never see your money back; but my foundations will put 500,000 dollars so you can test the idea. See that it will not work. He said, I'll give you a rope to hang yourself. (Laughter) I knew two things after that meeting. First, under no circumstances I want to hang myself. And second, that I have no idea how to make it work. You see, at the level of a concept, it was a great concept. But it's one thing to have a concept; it's a totally separate thing to actually make it work. So I had absolutely no idea how that could actually work. Had the wrong idea; I thought that we can be a bank. You see banks -- I don't know if there are any bankers over here; I apologize in advance -- but it's the best job in the world. You know, you find somebody who is respectable and has a lot of money. You give them more money; they repay you that over a time. You collect interest and do nothing in between. So I thought, why don't we get into that business? (Laughter) So here we are having our first client, brilliant. First independent newspaper in Slovakia. The government cutting them off from all the printing facilities in Bratislava. So here's the daily newspaper that has to be printed 400 kilometers away from the capital. It's a daily newspaper with a deadline of 4 p.m. That means that they have no sports; they have no latest news; circulation goes down. It's a kind of very nice, sophisticated way how to economically strangle a daily newspaper. They come to us with a request for a loan. They want to -- the only way for them to survive is to get a printing press. And we said, that's fine; let's meet; you'll bring us your business plan, which eventually they did. We start the meeting. I get these two pieces of paper, not like this, A4 format, so it's much bigger. A lot of numbers there. A lot of numbers. But however you put it, you know, the numbers do not make any sense. And that's the best they could do. We were the best that they could do. So that is how we understood what our method is. It's not a bank. We had to actually go into these companies and earn our return by fixing them -- by establishing management systems, by providing all that knowledge, how do you run a business on one side -- while they all know how to run, how to create content. Just quickly on the results. Over these 10 years, 40 million dollars in affordable financing, average interest rate five percent to six percent. Lately we are going wild, charging seven percent from time to time. We do it in 17 countries of the developing world. And here is the most stunning number. Return rate -- the one that Soros was so worried about -- 97 percent. 97 percent of all the scheduled repayments came back to us on time. What do we typically finance? We finance anything that a media company would need, from printing presses to transmitters. What is most important is we do it either in form of loans, equities, lease -- whatever is appropriate for, you know, supporting anybody. But what is most important here is, who do we finance? We believe that in the last 10 years companies that we've financed are actually the best media companies in the developing world. That is a "Who is Who" list. And I could spend hours talking about them, because they're all kind of heroes. And I can, but I'll give you just, maybe one, and depending on time I may give you two examples who we work with. You see we started working in Eastern and Central Europe, and moved to Russia. Our first loan in Russia was in Chelyabinsk. I'll bet half of you have never heard of that place. In the south of Russia there's a guy called Boris Nikolayevich Kirshin, who is running an independent newspaper there. The city was closed until early '90s because, of all things, they were producing glass for Tupolev planes. Anyway, he's running independent newspaper there. After two years working with us, he becomes the most respected newspaper in that small place. Governor comes to him one day, actually invites him to come to his office. He goes and sees the governor. The governor says, Boris Nikolayevich, I understand you are doing a great job, and you are the most respected newspaper in our district. And I want to offer you a deal. Can you please give me your newspaper for the next nine months, because I have elections -- there are elections coming up in nine months. I will not run, but it's very important for me who is going to succeed me. So give me the paper for nine months. I'll give it back to you. I have no interest in being in media business. How much would that cost? Boris Nikolayevich says, "It's not for sale." The governor says, "We will close you." Boris Nikolayevich says, "No, you cannot do it." Six months later the newspaper was closed. Luckily, we had enough time to help Boris Nikolayevich take all the assets out of that company and bring him into a new one, to get all the subscription lists, rehire staff. So what the governor got was an empty shell. But that is what happens if you're in business of independent media, and if you are a banker for independent media. So it sounds like a great story. Somewhere down the road we opened a media management center. We started our media lab, sounds like a real great story. But there is a second angle to that. The second angle, like in this clip. If you take the camera above, you start thinking about these numbers again. 40 million dollars over 10 years spread over 17 countries. That is not too much, is it? It's actually just a drop in the sea. Because when you think about the importance, some of the issues that we were talking about last night -- this last session we had about Africa and his hypothetical 50 billion dollars destined for Africa. All of those, not all, half of those problems mentioned last night -- government accountability, corruption, how do you fight corruption, giving voice to unheard, to poor -- it's why independent media is in business. And it's why it was invented. So from that perspective, what we did is just really one drop in the sea of that need that we can identify. Now ours is just one story. I'm sure that in this room there are, like, 15 other wonderful stories of nonprofits doing spectacular work. Here is where the problem is, and I'll explain to you as well as I can what the problem is. And it's called fundraising. Imagine that this third of this room is filled with people who represent different foundations. Imagine two thirds over here running excellent organizations, doing very important work. Now imagine that every second person over here is deaf, does not hear, and switch the lights off. Now that is how difficult it is to match people from this side of the room with people of that side of the room. So we thought that some kind of a big idea is needed to reform, to totally rethink fundraising. You know, instead of people running in this dark, trying to find their own match, who will be willing, who has the same goals. Instead of all of that we thought there is -- something new needs to be invented. And we came up with this idea of issuing bonds, press freedom bonds. If there are investors willing to finance U.S. government budget deficit, why wouldn't we find investors willing to finance press freedom deficit? We've decided to do it this fall; we will issue them, probably in denominations of 1,000 dollars. I don't want to advertise them too much; that's not the point. But the point is, if we ever survive to actually issue them, find enough investors that this can be considered a success, there's nothing stopping the next organization to start to issue bonds next spring. And those can be environmental bonds. And then two weeks later, Iqbal Quadir can issue his electricity in Bangladesh bonds. And before you know it, any social cause can be actually financed in this way. Now we do daydreaming in 11:30 with 55 seconds left. But let's take the idea further. You do it, you start it in the States, because it's, you know, concepts are very, very close to American minds. But you can actually bring it to Europe, too. You can bring it to Asia. You can, once you have all of those different points, you can make it easy for investors. Put all of those bonds at one place and they sit down and click. Once you have more than 10 of them you have to develop some kind of a matrix. What do investors get? On one side financial, on the other side social. So that brings the idea of some kind of rating agency, Morningstar type. It says, you know, social impact over here is spectacular, five stars. Financial, they give you one percent, only one star. Now take it to the last step. Once you have all of that put together, there's not one reason why you couldn't actually have a marketplace for all of that, where you cannot dispose of all of those bonds in a pretty quick way. And in that way you organize the financing so there are no dark rooms, no blind people running around to find each other. Thank you.

Hold your breath for micro-sculpture
There's an old saying, "Just because you can't see something, doesn't mean it's not there." My work is -- it's a reflection of myself. What I wanted to do is to show the world that the little things can be the biggest things. We all seem to think that, you know, if we look down on the ground, there's nothing there. And we use the word "nothing." Nothing doesn't exist, because there is always something. My mother told me that, when I was a child, that I should always respect the little things. What made me do this work? I shall go into my story. This all started when I was age five. What made me do it? At school, I will admit this: academically, I couldn't express myself. So I was, more or less, classed as "nothing." My world was seen as less. So I decided I didn't really want to be a part of that world. I thought, I need to retreat into something else. So when my mother used to take me to school, she thought I was at school, and I used to do a U-turn, when her back was turned, and run off and hide in the shed at the back of the garden. Now, the one time I was in the shed, and my mother suspected something, thinking I was at school. My mother was like the woman in Tom and Jerry. So you'd just see her feet. (Laughter) So I was hiding in the shed, like that. And all of a sudden ... And then I saw her legs. And then she said -- grabbed me like that, because my mother was quite big -- and she lifted me up and she says, "How come you're not at school?" I told her I couldn't face it because the way the teacher was treating me, ridiculing me, and using me as an example of failure. So I told her. At that age, obviously, I couldn't express it that way, but I told her I didn't feel right. And then she just said, "You're going back to school tomorrow." And walked off. And I didn't expect that, because I expected one of these ... But I didn't get it. So I'm sitting there thinking. And as I looked down on the ground, I noticed there was some ants running around. And I went into this little fantasy world. And I thought, "These ants, are they looking for the queen ant? Or do they need somewhere to live?" So I thought "Perhaps, if I made these ants some apartments, they'll move in." (Laughter) So I did. And how I set about that, I got some splinters of wood. And I sliced the little splinters of wood with a broken shard of glass, constructed this little apartment. Well it looked like a little shanty shed when I'd finished. But I thought, perhaps the ant won't know, it'll probably move in. And so they did. That was a bit crude, at the time. And I made all these little apartments and little merry-go-rounds, seesaws and swings, little ladders. And then I encouraged the ants to come 'round by putting sugar and things like that. And then I sat down and all the ants came along. And all I could hear was "Is this for us?" (Laughter) And I say, "Yes, they're all for you." And they moved in, and decided not to pay me any rent. (Laughter) And from there I was watching this little world. It became part of me. When I discovered that I had this gift, I wanted to experiment with this world that we can't see. So I realized that there was more to life than just everything that we see around us that's huge. So I started to educate myself on this molecular level. And as I got older, I continued. I showed my mother. My mother told me to take it smaller. Now I shall show you something here. And I'll explain. As you can see, that's a pinhead. (Laughter) (Applause) Now that is called the Huf Haus. The gentleman who commissioned me to do this was a gentleman called Peter Huf. And he says to me "Willard, can you put my house on a pinhead?" (Laughter) So I say, "How are you going to fit in there?" (Laughter) And then he said to me, "I don't believe you can do it. Can you really do it?" And I says, "Well, try me." And then he said, "But I don't believe that you can do this." So I said, "OK." So, to cut a long story short, I went home, went underneath the microscope, and I crushed up a piece of glass, crushed it up. And underneath the microscope there were splinters of glass. Some of them were quite jagged. So I was crushing up these pieces of glass, which, as you can see, that's the actual frame of the house. And the actual roof is made up of a fiber, which I found in my sister's old teddy bear. (Laughter) So I got the teddy bear and I said, "Do you mind if I pull out one of your fibers?" So I did. And I looked at it beneath the microscope. And some of it was flat. So I decided to slice these up with the tool that I make by -- I sharpen the end of a needle into a blade. And then I actually slow down my whole nervous system. And then I work between my heartbeat, I have one-and-a-half seconds to actually move. And at the same time I have to watch I don't inhale my own work, at the same time. (Laughter) (Applause) Because that has happened to me. (Laughter) So what I did, like I said, come back to the glass. I found these little bits of glass. And I had to make them square. So I'm thinking "How can I do this?" So what I did, I got an oilstone. Broke the edge of an oilstone off. And what I did, I took pieces of glass. And I started to rub them. I used a little tweezer which I made from a hair clip. And I built rubber around the end of the tweezer so it wouldn't crush the glass. And then I started rubbing, very very gently, till some of the edges were quite square. And then I constructed it. And how I constructed it, is by making grooves in the top of the pinhead. And then pushing the glass in with its own friction. And as I was doing it, what happened? The instrument that I used turned into a catapult. And it went like this ... And then that was it. (Laughter) Gone. So I'm thinking, "Mr. Huf isn't going to be very happy when I told him his house has gone to another, into the atmosphere somewhere." So to cut the story short, I decided that I had to go back and do it. So I found some more. And I decided to, sort of, construct it very, very slowly, holding my breath, working between my heartbeat, and making sure everything is leveled. Because it's such a small sculpture, nothing can go wrong. And I decided to build it up. Then I used fibers out of my jumper, which I held and stretched. And made the beams going around the house. And the actual windows and the balcony had to be sort of constructed. I used a money spider's web to actually attach certain things, which sent me insane. But I managed to do it. And when I finished it, I came back the next day. I noticed that the house was occupied. Have we ever heard of a dust mite? Darren dust mite and his family moved in. (Laughter) So basically I'd completed the house. And there you are. (Applause) (Laughter) Right. As you can see, Bart Simpson is having a little argument. I think they're arguing about the space on the pin. There's not enough room for the two of them. So I didn't think he was going to throw Bart off. I think he was just warning him actually. But this one was made out of a nylon tag out of my shirt. What I did, I plucked the tag out and put it underneath the microscope. I used the needle which has got a slight blade on the end. Can anybody see the blade on the end of that needle? Audience: No. WW: So what I did is the same process where I just kind of hold my breath and just work away very, very slowly, manipulating the plastic, cutting it, because it behaves different. Whenever you work on that level, things behave different. Because it's on this molecular level things change and they act different. And sometimes they turn into little catapults and things go up in the air. And, you know, all different things happen. But I had to make a little barrier, going around it, out of cellophane, to stop it moving. Then static electricity set in. And it went ... And I'm trying to remove it. And the static is interfering with everything. So there is sweat dripping off my head, because I have to carve Homer Simpson like that, in that position. And after I've cut out the shape, then I have to make sure that there is room for Bart's neck. So after I've done the same thing, then I have to paint it. And after I've actually sculpted them, I have to paint them. I experimented with a -- I found a dead fly. And I plucked the hair off the fly's head. Decided to make a paintbrush. (Laughter) But I would never do it to a living fly. (Laughter) Because I've heard a fly in pain. And they go "Meow! Ow!" Even though they get on our nerves, I would never kill an insect because, "All creatures great and small" -- there is a hymn that says that. So what I decided to do is to pluck fine hair out of my face. And I looked at it underneath the microscope. That was the paintbrush. And whilst I'm painting I have to be very careful, because the paint starts to turn into little blobs. And it starts to dry very quickly. So I have to be very quick. If I'm not, it will end up looking not like what it's supposed to look like. It could end up looking like Humpty Dumpty or somebody else. So I have to be very very careful. This one took me approximately, I would say, six to seven weeks. My work, rough estimate, sometimes five, six to seven weeks; you can't always anticipate. (Applause) As you can see, that's Charlton Heston brought down to size. (Laughter) He says to me, "Willard" -- You can see him saying, "Why me?" I says, "I enjoyed your film. That's why." As you can see, there's an aphid fly there. That's just to show the scale and the actual size of the sculpture. I would say it probably measures ... a quarter of a millimeter. In America they say a period stop. So say if you cut a period stop in half, a full stop, that's about the size of the whole thing. It's made -- the chariot is made of gold. And Charlton Heston is made of a floating fiber, which I took out of the air. When the sunlight comes through the window you see these little fibers. And what I normally do is walk 'round a room -- (Laughter) -- trying to find one. And then I put it underneath the microscope. I remember one time I was doing it, and the window was open. And there was a lady standing by the bus stop. And she saw me walking around like this. (Laughter) And then she looked at me. And then I went ... And then she went, "Hmm, OK, he's not mad." Yeah, to actually do this thing -- the actual chariot is made of gold. I had a 24-karat gold ring. And I cut off a little flake of gold. And I bent it 'round, and made it into the chariot. And the horse is made from nylon. And the spider's web is for the reins on the horse. To get the symmetrical shape of the horse was very difficult, because I had to get the horse to rear up and look as though it was in some kind of action. When I did this one, a gentleman seen it and said to me, "There's no way you can do this, you must have used some kind of machine. There's no way a man can do that. It must be a machine." So I says, "OK then, if you say it's a machine ..." (Laughter) (Applause) That one took me approximately six weeks. (Applause) The most famous statue in the world. This one, I would say, was a serious challenge. (Laughter) Because I had to put the torch on the top. That one is, more or less, the same type of process. The bottom of it is carved from a grain of sand, because I wanted to get a bit of the stone effect. I used a microscopic shard of diamond to actually carve the actual base. Well, I can look at this one and I can be very proud of this, because that statue has always sort of kept an image in my head of, you know, the beginning of people coming to America. So it's sort of Ellis Island, and seeing America for the first time. And that's the first thing they saw. So I wanted to have that little image. And this is it. (Laughter) And we all know that is the Hulk. I wanted to create movement in the eye of a needle. Because we know we see needles, but people aren't familiar with the eye of a needle apart from putting a thread through it. So I broke the needle. And made a needle look like the Hulk's broken it. It's -- I had to make little holes in the base of the needle, to shove his feet in. So most of my work, I don't use glue. They go in with their own friction. And that's how I managed to do it. As you can see, he's looking at the moment. He's got a little grimace on his face. And his mouth must be probably about three microns. So the eyes are probably about one micron or something. That ship there, that's made from 24-karat gold. And I normally rig it with the web of a money spider. But I had to rig it with strands of glue. Because the web of the spider, it was sending me insane, because I couldn't get the web to move off. And that's 24-karat gold. And it's constructed. I built it. Constructed each plank of gold. And the whole thing is sort of symmetrical. The flag had to be made out of little strands of gold. It's almost like doing a surgical operation to get this thing right. (Applause) As you can see, dressage. (Laughter) It's something I wanted to do just to show how I could get the symmetrical shape. The actual rigging on the reins on the horse are made from the same sort of thing. And that was done with a particle from my shirt. And the pinhead I've made green around there by scraping the particles off a green shirt and then pressed onto the needle. It's very painstaking work, but the best things come in small packages. (Laughter) Bruno Giussani: Willard Wigan! (Applause)

Women, wartime and the dream of peace
I woke up in the middle of the night with the sound of heavy explosion. It was deep at night. I do not remember what time it was. I just remember the sound was so heavy and so very shocking. Everything in my room was shaking -- my heart, my windows, my bed, everything. I looked out the windows and I saw a full half-circle of explosion. I thought it was just like the movies, but the movies had not conveyed them in the powerful image that I was seeing full of bright red and orange and gray, and a full circle of explosion. And I kept on staring at it until it disappeared. I went back to my bed, and I prayed, and I secretly thanked God that that missile did not land on my family's home, that it did not kill my family that night. Thirty years have passed, and I still feel guilty about that prayer, for the next day, I learned that that missile landed on my brother's friend's home and killed him and his father, but did not kill his mother or his sister. His mother showed up the next week at my brother's classroom and begged seven-year-old kids to share with her any picture they may have of her son, for she had lost everything. This is not a story of a nameless survivor of war, and nameless refugees, whose stereotypical images we see in our newspapers and our TV with tattered clothes, dirty face, scared eyes. This is not a story of a nameless someone who lived in some war, who we do not know their hopes, their dreams, their accomplishments, their families, their beliefs, their values. This is my story. I was that girl. I am another image and vision of another survivor of war. I am that refugee, and I am that girl. You see, I grew up in war-torn Iraq, and I believe that there are two sides of wars and we've only seen one side of it. We only talk about one side of it. But there's another side that I have witnessed as someone who lived in it and someone who ended up working in it. I grew up with the colors of war -- the red colors of fire and blood, the brown tones of earth as it explodes in our faces and the piercing silver of an exploded missile, so bright that nothing can protect your eyes from it. I grew up with the sounds of war -- the staccato sounds of gunfire, the wrenching booms of explosions, ominous drones of jets flying overhead and the wailing warning sounds of sirens. These are the sounds you would expect, but they are also the sounds of dissonant concerts of a flock of birds screeching in the night, the high-pitched honest cries of children and the thunderous, unbearable silence. "War," a friend of mine said, "is not about sound at all. It is actually about silence, the silence of humanity." I have since left Iraq and founded a group called Women for Women International that ends up working with women survivors of wars. In my travels and in my work, from Congo to Afghanistan, from Sudan to Rwanda, I have learned not only that the colors and the sounds of war are the same, but the fears of war are the same. You know, there is a fear of dying, and do not believe any movie character where the hero is not afraid. It is very scary to go through that feeling of "I am about to die" or "I could die in this explosion." But there's also the fear of losing loved ones, and I think that's even worse. It's too painful. You don't want to think about it. But I think the worst kind of fear is the fear -- as Samia, a Bosnian woman, once told me, who survived the four-years besiege of Sarajevo; she said, "The fear of losing the 'I' in me, the fear of losing the 'I' in me." That's what my mother in Iraq used to tell me. It's like dying from inside-out. A Palestinian woman once told me, "It is not about the fear of one death," she said, "sometimes I feel I die 10 times in one day," as she was describing the marches of soldiers and the sounds of their bullets. She said, "But it's not fair, because there is only one life, and there should only be one death." We have been only seeing one side of war. We have only been discussing and consumed with high-level preoccupations over troop levels, drawdown timelines, surges and sting operations, when we should be examining the details of where the social fabric has been most torn, where the community has improvised and survived and shown acts of resilience and amazing courage just to keep life going. We have been so consumed with seemingly objective discussions of politics, tactics, weapons, dollars and casualties. This is the language of sterility. How casually we treat casualties in the context of this topic. This is where we conceive of rape and casualties as inevitabilities. Eighty percent of refugees around the world are women and children. Oh. Ninety percent of modern war casualties are civilians. Seventy-five percent of them are women and children. How interesting. Oh, half a million women in Rwanda get raped in 100 days. Or, as we speak now, hundreds of thousands of Congolese women are getting raped and mutilated. How interesting. These just become numbers that we refer to. The front of wars is increasingly non-human eyes peering down on our perceived enemies from space, guiding missiles toward unseen targets, while the human conduct of the orchestra of media relations in the event that this particular drone attack hits a villager instead of an extremist. It is a chess game. You learn to play an international relations school on your way out and up to national and international leadership. Checkmate. We are missing a completely other side of wars. We are missing my mother's story, who made sure with every siren, with every raid, with every cut off-of electricity, she played puppet shows for my brothers and I, so we would not be scared of the sounds of explosions. We are missing the story of Fareeda, a music teacher, a piano teacher, in Sarajevo, who made sure that she kept the music school open every single day in the four years of besiege in Sarajevo and walked to that school, despite the snipers shooting at that school and at her, and kept the piano, the violin, the cello playing the whole duration of the war, with students wearing their gloves and hats and coats. That was her fight. That was her resistance. We are missing the story of Nehia, a Palestinian woman in Gaza who, the minute there was a cease-fire in the last year's war, she left out of home, collected all the flour and baked as much bread for every neighbor to have, in case there is no cease-fire the day after. We are missing the stories of Violet, who, despite surviving genocide in the church massacre, she kept on going on, burying bodies, cleaning homes, cleaning the streets. We are missing stories of women who are literally keeping life going in the midst of wars. Do you know -- do you know that people fall in love in war and go to school and go to factories and hospitals and get divorced and go dancing and go playing and live life going? And the ones who are keeping that life are women. There are two sides of war. There is a side that fights, and there is a side that keeps the schools and the factories and the hospitals open. There is a side that is focused on winning battles, and there is a side that is focused on winning life. There is a side that leads the front-line discussion, and there is a side that leads the back-line discussion. There is a side that thinks that peace is the end of fighting, and there is a side that thinks that peace is the arrival of schools and jobs. There is a side that is led by men, and there is a side that is led by women. And in order for us to understand how do we build lasting peace, we must understand war and peace from both sides. We must have a full picture of what that means. In order for us to understand what actually peace means, we need to understand, as one Sudanese woman once told me, "Peace is the fact that my toenails are growing back again." She grew up in Sudan, in Southern Sudan, for 20 years of war, where it killed one million people and displaced five million refugees. Many women were taken as slaves by rebels and soldiers, as sexual slaves who were forced also to carry the ammunition and the water and the food for the soldiers. So that woman walked for 20 years, so she would not be kidnapped again. And only when there was some sort of peace, her toenails grew back again. We need to understand peace from a toenail's perspective. We need to understand that we cannot actually have negotiations of ending of wars or peace without fully including women at the negotiating table. I find it amazing that the only group of people who are not fighting and not killing and not pillaging and not burning and not raping, and the group of people who are mostly -- though not exclusively -- who are keeping life going in the midst of war, are not included in the negotiating table. And I do argue that women lead the back-line discussion, but there are also men who are excluded from that discussion. The doctors who are not fighting, the artists, the students, the men who refuse to pick up the guns, they are, too, excluded from the negotiating tables. There is no way we can talk about a lasting peace, building of democracy, sustainable economies, any kind of stabilities, if we do not fully include women at the negotiating table. Not one, but 50 percent. There is no way we can talk about the building of stability if we don't start investing in women and girls. Did you know that one year of the world's military spending equals 700 years of the U.N. budget and equals 2,928 years of the U.N. budget allocated for women? If we just reverse that distribution of funds, perhaps we could have a better lasting peace in this world. And last, but not least, we need to invest in peace and women, not only because it is the right thing to do, not only because it is the right thing to do, for all of us to build sustainable and lasting peace today, but it is for the future. A Congolese woman, who was telling me about how her children saw their father killed in front of them and saw her raped in front of them and mutilated in front of them, and her children saw their nine-year-old sibling killed in front of them, how they're doing okay right now. She got into Women for Women International's program. She got a support network. She learned about her rights. We taught her vocational and business skills. We helped her get a job. She was earning 450 dollars. She was doing okay. She was sending them to school. Have a new home. She said, "But what I worry about the most is not any of that. I worry that my children have hate in their hearts, and when they want to grow up, they want to fight again the killers of their father and their brother." We need to invest in women, because that's our only chance to ensure that there is no more war in the future. That mother has a better chance to heal her children than any peace agreement can do. Are there good news? Of course, there are good news. There are lots of good news. To start with, these women that I told you about are dancing and singing every single day, and if they can, who are we not to dance? That girl that I told you about ended up starting Women for Women International Group that impacted one million people, sent 80 million dollars, and I started this from zero, nothing, nada, [unclear]. (Laughter) They are women who are standing on their feet in spite of their circumstances, not because of it. Think of how the world can be a much better place if, for a change, we have a better equality, we have equality, we have a representation and we understand war, both from the front-line and the back-line discussion. Rumi, a 13th-century Sufi poet, says, "Out beyond the worlds of right-doings and wrong-doings, there is a field. I will meet you there. When the soul lies down in that grass, the world is too full to talk about. Ideas, language, even the phrase 'each other' no longer makes any sense." I humbly add -- humbly add -- that out beyond the worlds of war and peace, there is a field, and there are many women and men [who] are meeting there. Let us make this field a much bigger place. Let us all meet in that field. Thank you. (Applause)

My mushroom burial suit
So I'm here to explain why I'm wearing these ninja pajamas. And to do that, I'd like to talk first about environmental toxins in our bodies. So some of you may know about the chemical Bisphenol A, BPA. It's a material hardener and synthetic estrogen that's found in the lining of canned foods and some plastics. So BPA mimics the body's own hormones and causes neurological and reproductive problems. And it's everywhere. A recent study found BPA in 93 percent of people six and older. But it's just one chemical. The Center for Disease Control in the U.S. says we have 219 toxic pollutants in our bodies, and this includes preservatives, pesticides and heavy metals like lead and mercury. To me, this says three things. First, don't become a cannibal. Second, we are both responsible for and the victims of our own pollution. And third, our bodies are filters and storehouses for environmental toxins. So what happens to all these toxins when we die? The short answer is: They return to the environment in one way or another, continuing the cycle of toxicity. But our current funeral practices make the situation much worse. If you're cremated, all those toxins I mentioned are released into the atmosphere. And this includes 5,000 pounds of mercury from our dental fillings alone every year. And in a traditional American funeral, a dead body is covered with fillers and cosmetics to make it look alive. It's then pumped with toxic formaldehyde to slow decomposition -- a practice which causes respiratory problems and cancer in funeral personnel. So by trying to preserve our dead bodies, we deny death, poison the living and further harm the environment. Green or natural burials, which don't use embalming, are a step in the right direction, but they don't address the existing toxins in our bodies. I think there's a better solution. I'm an artist, so I'd like to offer a modest proposal at the intersection of art, science and culture. The Infinity Burial Project, an alternative burial system that uses mushrooms to decompose and clean toxins in bodies. The Infinity Burial Project began a few years ago with a fantasy to create the Infinity Mushroom -- a new hybrid mushroom that would decompose bodies, clean the toxins and deliver nutrients to plant roots, leaving clean compost. But I learned it's nearly impossible to create a new hybrid mushroom. I also learned that some of our tastiest mushrooms can clean environmental toxins in soil. So I thought maybe I could train an army of toxin-cleaning edible mushrooms to eat my body. So today, I'm collecting what I shed or slough off -- my hair, skin and nails -- and I'm feeding these to edible mushrooms. As the mushrooms grow, I pick the best feeders to become Infinity Mushrooms. It's a kind of imprinting and selective breeding process for the afterlife. So when I die, the Infinity Mushrooms will recognize my body and be able to eat it. All right, so for some of you, this may be really, really out there. (Laughter) Just a little. I realize this is not the kind of relationship that we usually aspire to have with our food. We want to eat, not be eaten by, our food. But as I watch the mushrooms grow and digest my body, I imagine the Infinity Mushroom as a symbol of a new way of thinking about death and the relationship between my body and the environment. See for me, cultivating the Infinity Mushroom is more than just scientific experimentation or gardening or raising a pet, it's a step towards accepting the fact that someday I will die and decay. It's also a step towards taking responsibility for my own burden on the planet. Growing a mushroom is also part of a larger practice of cultivating decomposing organisms called decompiculture, a concept that was developed by an entomologist, Timothy Myles. The Infinity Mushroom is a subset of decompiculture I'm calling body decompiculture and toxin remediation -- the cultivation of organisms that decompose and clean toxins in bodies. And now about these ninja pajamas. Once it's completed, I plan to integrate the Infinity Mushrooms into a number of objects. First, a burial suit infused with mushroom spores, the Mushroom Death Suit. (Laughter) I'm wearing the second prototype of this burial suit. It's covered with a crocheted netting that is embedded with mushroom spores. The dendritic pattern you see mimics the growth of mushroom mycelia, which are the equivalent of plant roots. I'm also making a decompiculture kit, a cocktail of capsules that contain Infinity Mushroom spores and other elements that speed decomposition and toxin remediation. These capsules are embedded in a nutrient-rich jelly, a kind of second skin, which dissolves quickly and becomes baby food for the growing mushrooms. So I plan to finish the mushroom and decompiculture kit in the next year or two, and then I'd like to begin testing them, first with expired meat from the market and then with human subjects. And believe it or not, a few people have offered to donate their bodies to the project to be eaten by mushrooms. (Laughter) What I've learned from talking to these folks is that we share a common desire to understand and accept death and to minimize the impact of our death on the environment. I wanted to cultivate this perspective just like the mushrooms, so I formed the Decompiculture Society, a group of people called decompinauts who actively explore their postmortem options, seek death acceptance and cultivate decomposing organisms like the Infinity Mushroom. The Decompiculture Society shares a vision of a cultural shift, from our current culture of death denial and body preservation to one of decompiculture, a radical acceptance of death and decomposition. Accepting death means accepting that we are physical beings who are intimately connected to the environment, as the research on environmental toxins confirms. And the saying goes, we came from dust and will return to dust. And once we understand that we're connected to the environment, we see that the survival of our species depends on the survival of the planet. I believe this is the beginning of true environmental responsibility. Thank you. (Applause)

The real danger lurking in the water
I want you to put off your preconceptions, your preconceived fears and thoughts about reptiles. Because that is the only way I'm going to get my story across to you. And by the way, if I come across as a sort of rabid, hippie conservationist, it's purely a figment of your imagination. (Laughter) Okay. We are actually the first species on Earth to be so prolific to actually threaten our own survival. And I know we've all seen images enough to make us numb, of the tragedies that we're perpetrating on the planet. We're kind of like greedy kids, using it all up, aren't we? And today is a time for me to talk to you about water. It's not only because we like to drink lots of it, and its marvelous derivatives, beer, wine, etc. And, of course, watch it fall from the sky and flow in our wonderful rivers, but for several other reasons as well. When I was a kid, growing up in New York, I was smitten by snakes, the same way most kids are smitten by tops, marbles, cars, trains, cricket balls. And my mother, brave lady, was partly to blame, taking me to the New York Natural History Museum, buying me books on snakes, and then starting this infamous career of mine, which has culminated in of course, arriving in India 60 years ago, brought by my mother, Doris Norden, and my stepfather, Rama Chattopadhyaya. It's been a roller coaster ride. Two animals, two iconic reptiles really captivated me very early on. One of them was the remarkable gharial. This crocodile, which grows to almost 20 feet long in the northern rivers, and this charismatic snake, the king cobra. What my purpose of the talk today really is, is to sort of indelibly scar your minds with these charismatic and majestic creatures. Because this is what you will take away from here, a reconnection with nature, I hope. The king cobra is quite remarkable for several reasons. What you're seeing here is very recently shot images in a forest nearby here, of a female king cobra making her nest. Here is a limbless animal, capable of gathering a huge mound of leaves, and then laying her eggs inside, to withstand 5 to 10 [meters of rainfall], in order that the eggs can incubate over the next 90 days, and hatch into little baby king cobras. So, she protects her eggs, and after three months, the babies finally do hatch out. A majority of them will die, of course. There is very high mortality in little baby reptiles who are just 10 to 12 inches long. My first experience with king cobras was in '72 at a magical place called Agumbe, in Karnataka, this state. And it is a marvelous rain forest. This first encounter was kind of like the Maasai boy who kills the lion to become a warrior. It really changed my life totally. And it brought me straight into the conservation fray. I ended up starting this research and education station in Agumbe, which you are all of course invited to visit. This is basically a base wherein we are trying to gather and learn virtually everything about the biodiversity of this incredibly complex forest system, and try to hang on to what's there, make sure the water sources are protected and kept clean, and of course, having a good time too. You can almost hear the drums throbbing back in that little cottage where we stay when we're there. It was very important for us to get through to the people. And through the children is usually the way to go. They are fascinated with snakes. They haven't got that steely thing that you end up either fearing or hating or despising or loathing them in some way. They are interested. And it really works to start with them. This gives you an idea of the size of some of these snakes. This is an average size king cobra, about 12 feet long. And it actually crawled into somebody's bathroom, and was hanging around there for two or three days. The people of this part of India worship the king cobra. And they didn't kill it. They called us to catch it. Now we've caught more than 100 king cobras over the last three years, and relocated them in nearby forests. But in order to find out the real secrets of these creatures [it was necessary] for us to actually insert a small radio transmitter inside [each] snake. Now we are able to follow them and find out their secrets, where the babies go after they hatch, and remarkable things like this you're about to see. This was just a few days ago in Agumbe. I had the pleasure of being close to this large king cobra who had caught a venomous pit viper. And it does it in such a way that it doesn't get bitten itself. And king cobras feed only on snakes. This [little snake] was kind of a tid-bit for it, what we'd call a "vadai" or a donut or something like that. (Laughter) Usually they eat something a bit larger. In this case a rather strange and inexplicable activity happened over the last breeding season, wherein a large male king cobra actually grabbed a female king cobra, didn't mate with it, actually killed it and swallowed it. We're still trying to explain and come to terms with what is the evolutionary advantage of this. But they do also a lot of other remarkable things. This is again, something [we were able to see] by virtue of the fact that we had a radio transmitter in one of the snakes. This male snake, 12 feet long, met another male king cobra. And they did this incredible ritual combat dance. It's very much like the rutting of mammals, including humans, you know, sorting out our differences, but gentler, no biting allowed. It's just a wresting match, but a remarkable activity. Now, what are we doing with all this information? What's the point of all this? Well, the king cobra is literally a keystone species in these rainforests. And our job is to convince the authorities that these forests have to be protected. And this is one of the ways we do it, by learning as much as we can about something so remarkable and so iconic in the rainforests there, in order to help protect trees, animals and of course the water sources. You've all heard, perhaps, of Project Tiger which started back in the early '70s, which was, in fact, a very dynamic time for conservation. We were piloted, I could say, by a highly autocratic stateswoman, but who also had an incredible passion for environment. And this is the time when Project Tiger emerged. And, just like Project Tiger, our activities with the king cobra is to look at a species of animal so that we protect its habitat and everything within it. So, the tiger is the icon. And now the king cobra is a new one. All the major rivers in south India are sourced in the Western Ghats, the chain of hills running along the west coast of India. It pours out millions of gallons every hour, and supplies drinking water to at least 300 million people, and washes many, many babies, and of course feeds many, many animals, both domestic and wild, produces thousands of tons of rice. And what do we do? How do we respond to this? Well, basically, we dam it, we pollute it, we pour in pesticides, weedicides, fungicides. You drink it in peril of your life. And the thing is, it's not just big industry. It's not misguided river engineers who are doing all this; it's us. It seems that our citizens find the best way to dispose of garbage are in water sources. Okay. Now we're going north, very far north. North central India, the Chambal River is where we have our base. This is the home of the gharial, this incredible crocodile. It is an animal which has been on the Earth for just about 100 million years. It survived even during the time that the dinosaurs died off. It has remarkable features. Even though it grows to 20 feet long, since it eats only fish it's not dangerous to human beings. It does have big teeth, however, and it's kind of hard to convince people if an animal has big teeth, that it's a harmless creature. But we, actually, back in the early '70s, did surveys, and found that gharial were extremely rare. In fact, if you see the map, the range of their original habitat was all the way from the Indus in Pakistan to the Irrawaddy in Burma. And now it's just limited to a couple of spots in Nepal and India. So, in fact at this point there are only 200 breeding gharial left in the wild. So, starting in the mid-'70s when conservation was at the fore, we were actually able to start projects which were basically government supported to collect eggs from the wild from the few remaining nests and release 5,000 baby gharial back to the wild. And pretty soon we were seeing sights like this. I mean, just incredible to see bunches of gharial basking on the river again. But complacency does have a tendency to breed contempt. And, sure enough, with all the other pressures on the river, like sand mining, for example, very, very heavy cultivation all the way down to the river's edge, not allowing the animals to breed anymore, we're looking at even more problems building up for the gharial, despite the early good intentions. Their nests hatching along the riverside producing hundreds of hatchlings. It's just an amazing sight. This was actually just taken last year. But then the monsoon arrives, and unfortunately downriver there is always a dam or there is always a barrage, and, shoop, they get washed down to their doom. Luckily there is still a lot of interest. My pals in the Crocodile Specialist Group of the IUCN, the [Madras Crocodile Bank], an NGO, the World Wildlife Fund, the Wildlife Institute of India, State Forest Departments, and the Ministry of Environment, we all work together on stuff. But it's possibly, and definitely not enough. For example, in the winter of 2007 and 2008, there was this incredible die-off of gharial, in the Chambal River. Suddenly dozens of gharial appearing on the river, dead. Why? How could it happen? This is a relatively clean river. The Chambal, if you look at it, has clear water. People scoop water out of the Chambal and drink it, something you wouldn't do in most north Indian rivers. So, in order to try to find out the answer to this, we got veterinarians from all over the world working with Indian vets to try to figure out what was happening. I was there for a lot of the necropsies on the riverside. And we actually looked through all their organs and tried to figure out what was going on. And it came down to something called gout, which, as a result of kidney breakdown is actually uric acid crystals throughout the body, and worse in the joints, which made the gharial unable to swim. And it's a horribly painful death. Just downriver from the Chambal is the filthy Yamuna river, the sacred Yamuna river. And I hate to be so ironic and sarcastic about it but it's the truth. It's just one of the filthiest cesspools you can imagine. It flows down through Delhi, Mathura, Agra, and gets just about every bit of effluent you can imagine. So, it seemed that the toxin that was killing the gharial was something in the food chain, something in the fish they were eating. And, you know, once a toxin is in the food chain everything is affected, including us. Because these rivers are the lifeblood of people all along their course. In order to try to answer some of these questions, we again turn to technology, to biological technology, in this case, again, telemetry, putting radios on 10 gharial, and actually following their movements. They're being watched everyday as we speak, to try to find out what this mysterious toxin is. The Chambal river is an absolutely incredible place. It's a place that's famous to a lot of you who know about the bandits, the dacoits who used to work up there. And there still are quite a few around. But Poolan Devi was one [of them]. Which actually Shekhar Kapur made an incredible movie, "The Bandit Queen," which I urge you to see. You'll get to see the incredible [Chambal] landscape as well. But, again, heavy fishing pressures. This is one of the last repositories of the Ganges river dolphin, various species of turtles, thousands of migratory birds, and fishing is causing problems like this. And now [these] new elements of human intolerance for river creatures like the gharial means that if they don't drown in the net, then they simply cut their beaks off. Animals like the Ganges river dolphin which is just down to a few left, and it is also critically endangered. So, who is next? Us? Because we are all dependent on these water sources. So, we all know about the Narmada river, the tragedies of dams, the tragedies of huge projects which displace people and wreck river systems without providing livelihoods. And development just basically going berserk, for a double figure growth index, basically. So, we're not sure where this story is going to end, whether it's got a happy or sad ending. And climate change is certainly going to turn all of our theories and predictions on their heads. We're still working hard at it. We've got a lot of a good team of people working up there. And the thing is, you know, the decision makers, the folks in power, they're up in their bungalows and so on in Delhi, in the city capitals. They are all supplied with plenty of water. It's cool. But out on the rivers there are still millions of people who are in really bad shape. And it's a bleak future for them. So, we have our Ganges and Yamuna cleanup project. We've spent hundreds of millions of dollars on it, and nothing to show for it. Incredible. So, people talk about political will. During the die-off of the gharial we did galvanize a lot of action. Government cut through all the red tape, we got foreign vets on it. It was great. So, we can do it. But if you stroll down to the Yamuna or to the Gomati in Lucknow, or to the Adyar river in Chennai, or the Mula-Mutha river in Pune, just see what we're capable of doing to a river. It's sad. But I think the final note really is that we can do it. The corporates, the artists, the wildlife nuts, the good old everyday folks can actually bring these rivers back. And the final word is that there is a king cobra looking over our shoulders. And there is a gharial looking at us from the river. And these are powerful water totems. And they are going to disturb our dreams until we do the right thing. Namaste. (Applause) Chris Anderson: Thanks, Rom. Thanks a lot. You know, most people are terrified of snakes. And there might be quite a few people here who would be very glad to see the last king cobra bite the dust. Do you have those conversations with people? How do you really get them to care? Romulus Whitaker: I take the sort of humble approach, I guess you could say. I don't say that snakes are huggable exactly. It's not like the teddy bear. But I sort of -- there is an innocence in these animals. And when the average person looks at a cobra going "Ssssss!" like that, they say, "My god, look at that angry, dangerous creature." I look at it as a creature who is totally frightened of something so dangerous as a human being. And that is the truth. And that's what I try to get out. (Applause) CA: Now, incredible footage you showed of the viper being killed. You were saying that that hasn't been filmed before. RW: Yes, this is actually the first time anyone of us knew about it, for one thing. As I said, it's just like a little snack for him, you know? Usually they eat larger snakes like rat snakes, or even cobras. But this guy who we're following right now is in the deep jungle. Whereas other king cobras very often come into the human interface, you know, the plantations, to find big rat snakes and stuff. This guy specializes in pit vipers. And the guy who is working there with them, he's from Maharashtra, he said, "I think he's after the nusha." (Laughter) Now, the nusha means the high. Whenever he eats the pit viper he gets this little venom rush. (Laughter) CA: Thanks Rom. Thank you. (Applause)

The oil spill's unseen villains -- and victims
This is the ocean as I used to know it. And I find that since I've been in the Gulf a couple of times, I really kind of am traumatized because whenever I look at the ocean now, no matter where I am, even where I know that none of the oil has gone, I sort of see slicks, and I'm finding that I'm very much haunted by it. But what I want to talk to you about today is a lot of things that try to put all of this in context, not just about the oil eruption, but what it means and why it has happened. First, just a little bit about me. I'm basically just a guy that likes to go fishing ever since I was a little kid, and because I did, I wound up studying sea birds to try to stay in the coastal habitats that I so loved. And now I mainly write books about how the ocean is changing, and the ocean is certainly changing very rapidly. Now we saw this graphic earlier on, that we really live on a hard marble that has just a slight bit of wetness to it. It's like you dipped a marble in water. And the same thing with the atmosphere: If you took all the atmosphere and rolled it up in a ball, you would get that little sphere of gas on the right. So we live on the most fragile little soap bubble you can imagine, a very sacred soap bubble, but one that is very, very easy to affect. And all the burning of oil and coal and gas, all the fossil fuels, have changed the atmosphere greatly. Carbon dioxide level has gone up and up and up. We're warming the climate. So the blowout in the Gulf is just a little piece of a much larger problem that we have with the energy that we use to run civilization. Beyond warming, we have the problem of the oceans getting more acidified -- and already measurably so, and already affecting animals. Now in the laboratory, if you take a clam and you put it in the pH that is not 8.1, which is the normal pH of seawater, but 7.5, it dissolves in about three days. If you take a sea urchin larva from 8.1, put it in a pH of 7.7 -- not a huge change -- it becomes deformed and dies. Already, commercial oyster larvae are dying at large scales in some places. Coral reefs are growing slower in some places because of this problem. So this really matters. Now, let's take a little tour around the Gulf a little bit. One of the things that really impresses me about the people in the Gulf: They are really, really aquatic people. And they can handle water. They can handle a hurricane that comes and goes. When the water goes down, they know what to do. But when it's something other than water, and their water habitat changes, they don't have many options. In fact, those entire communities really don't have many options. They don't have another thing they can do. They can't go and work in the local hotel business because there isn't one in their community. If you go to the Gulf and you look around, you do see a lot of oil. You see a lot of oil on the ocean. You see a lot of oil on the shoreline. If you go to the site of the blowout, it looks pretty unbelievable. It looks like you just emptied the oil pan in your car, and you just dumped it in the ocean. And one of the really most incredible things, I think, is that there's nobody out there trying to collect it at the site where it is densest. Parts of the ocean there look just absolutely apocalyptic. You go in along the shore, you can find it everywhere. It's really messy. If you go to the places where it's just arriving, like the eastern part of the Gulf, in Alabama, there's still people using the beach while there are people cleaning up the beach. And they have a very strange way of cleaning up the beach. They're not allowed to put more than 10 pounds of sand in a 50-gallon plastic bag. They have thousands and thousands of plastic bags. I don't know what they'll do with all that stuff. Meanwhile, there are still people trying to use the beach. They don't see the sign that says: "Stay out of the water." Their kids are in the water; they're getting tar all over their clothes and their sandals-- It's a mess. If you go to where the oil has been for a while, it's an even bigger mess. And there's basically nobody there anymore, a few people trying to keep using it. You see people who are really shell-shocked. They are very hardworking people. All they know about life is they get up in the morning, and if their engine starts, they go to work. They always felt that they could rely on the assurances that nature brought them through the ecosystem of the Gulf. They're finding that their world is really collapsing. And so you can see, literally, signs of their shock ... signs of their outrage ... signs of their anger ... and signs of their grief. These are the things that you can see. There's a lot you can't see, also, underwater. What's going on underwater? Well, some people say there are oil plumes. Some people say there are not oil plumes. And Congressman Markey asks, you know, "Is it going to take a submarine ride to see if there are really oil plumes?" But I couldn't take a submarine ride -- especially between the time I knew I was coming here and today -- so I had to do a little experiment myself to see if there was oil in the Gulf of Mexico. So this is the Gulf of Mexico ... sparkling place full of fish. And I created a little oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. And I learned, in fact, I confirmed the hypothesis that oil and water don't mix ... until you add a dispersant ... and then ... they start mixing. And you add a little energy from the wind and the waves, and you get a big mess, a big mess that you can't possibly clean, you can't touch, you can't extract and, I think most importantly -- this is what I think -- you can't see it. I think it's being hidden on purpose. Now this is such a catastrophe and such a mess that lots of stuff is leaking out on the edges of the information stream. But as many people have said, there's a large attempt to suppress what's going on. Personally, I think that the dispersants are a major strategy to hide the body, because we put the murderer in charge of the crime scene. But you can see it. You can see where the oil is concentrated at the surface, and then it is attacked, because they don't want the evidence, in my opinion. OK. We heard that bacteria eat oil? So do sea turtles. When it breaks up, it has a long way to go before it gets down to bacteria. Turtles eat it. It gets in the gills of fish. These guys have to swim around through it. I heard the most incredible story today when I was on the train coming here. A writer named Ted Williams called me, and he was asking me a couple of questions about what I saw, because he's writing an article for Audubon magazine. He said that he had been in the Gulf a little while ago; like about a week ago, and a guy who had been a recreational fishing guide took him out to show him what's going on. That guide's entire calendar year is canceled bookings. He has no bookings left. Everybody wanted their deposit back, everybody is fleeing. That's the story of thousands of people. But he told Ted that on the last day he went out, a bottlenose dolphin suddenly appeared next to the boat, and it was splattering oil out its blowhole. And he moved away because it was his last fishing trip, and he knew that the dolphins scare fish. So he moved away from it, turned around a few minutes later, it was right next to the side of the boat again. He said that in 30 years of fishing he had never seen a dolphin do that. And he felt that -- (Sigh) he felt that it was coming to ask for help. Sorry. Now, in the Exxon Valdez spill, about 30 percent of the killer whales died in the first few months. Their numbers have never recovered. So the recovery rate of all this stuff is going to be variable. It's going to take longer for some things. And some things, I think, will probably come back a little faster. The other thing about the Gulf that is important is that there are a lot of animals that concentrate in the Gulf at certain parts of the year. So the Gulf is a really important piece of water -- more important than a similar volume of water in the open Atlantic Ocean. These tuna swim the entire ocean. They get in the Gulf Stream, they go all the way to Europe. When it comes time to spawn, they come inside, and these two tuna that were tagged, you can see them on the spawning grounds very much right in the area of the slick. They're probably having, at the very least, a catastrophic spawning season this year. I'm hoping that maybe the adults are avoiding that dirty water. They don't usually like to go into water that is very cloudy anyway. But these are really high-performance athletic animals. I don't know what this kind of stuff will do in their gills. I don't know if it'll affect the adults. If it's not, it's certainly affecting their eggs and larvae, I would certainly think. But if you look at that graph that goes down and down and down, that's what we've done to this species through overfishing over many decades. So while the oil spill, the leak, the eruption, is a catastrophe, I think it's important to keep in mind that we've done a lot to affect what's in the ocean, for a very long time. It's not like we're starting with something that's been OK. We're starting with something that's had a lot of stresses and a lot of problems to begin with. If you look around at the birds, there are a lot of birds in the Gulf that concentrate in the Gulf at certain times of the year, but then leave. And they populate much larger areas. For instance, most of the birds in this picture are migratory birds. They were all on the Gulf in May, while oil was starting to come ashore in certain places. Down on the lower left there are ruddy turnstones and sanderlings. They breed in the High Arctic, and they winter down in southern South America. But they concentrate in the Gulf and then fan out all across the Arctic. I saw birds that breed in Greenland, in the Gulf. So this is a hemispheric issue. The economic effects go at least nationally in many ways. The biological effects are certainly hemispheric. I think that this is one of the most absolutely mind-boggling examples of total unpreparedness that I can even think of. Even when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, at least they shot back. And we just seem to be unable to figure out what to do. There was nothing ready, and, you know, as we can see by what they're doing. Mainly what they're doing is booms and dispersants. The booms are absolutely not made for open water. They don't even attempt to corral the oil where it is most concentrated. They get near shore -- Look at these two boats. That one on the right is called Fishing Fool. And I think, you know, that's a great name for boats that think that they're going to do anything to make a dent in this, by dragging a boom between them when there are literally hundreds of thousands of square miles in the Gulf right now with oil at the surface. The dispersants make the oil go right under the booms. The booms are only about 13 inches in diameter. So it's just absolutely crazy. Here are shrimp boats employed. There are hundreds of shrimp boats employed to drag booms instead of nets. Here they are working. You can see easily that all the oily water just goes over the back of the boom. All they're doing is stirring it. It's just ridiculous. Also, for all the shoreline that has booms -- hundreds and hundreds of miles of shoreline -- all of the shoreline that has booms, there's adjacent shoreline that doesn't have any booms. There is ample opportunity for oil and dirty water to get in behind them. And that lower photo, that's a bird colony that has been boomed. Everybody's trying to protect the bird colonies there. Well, as an ornithologist, I can tell you that birds fly, and that -- (Laughter) and that booming a bird colony doesn't do it; it doesn't do it. These birds make a living by diving into the water. In fact ... really what I think they should do, if anything -- they're trying so hard to protect those nests -- actually, if they destroyed every single nest, some of the birds would leave, and that would be better for them this year. As far as cleaning them ... I don't mean to cast any aspersion on people cleaning birds. It's really, really important that we express our compassion. I think that's the most important thing that people have, is compassion. It's really important to get those images and to show it. But really, where are those birds going to get released to? It's like taking somebody out of a burning building, treating them for smoke inhalation and sending them back into the building, because the oil is still gushing. I refuse to acknowledge this as anything like an accident. I think that this is the result of gross negligence. (Applause) Not just BP. BP operated very sloppily and very recklessly because they could. And they were allowed to do so because of the absolute failure of oversight of the government that is supposed to be our government, protecting us. It turns out that -- you see this sign on every commercial vessel in the United States -- you know, if you spilled a couple of gallons of oil, you would be in big trouble. And you have to really wonder who are the laws made for, and who has gotten above the laws. And there are things that we can do in the future. We could have the kinds of equipment that we would really need. It would not take an awful lot to anticipate that after making 30,000 holes in the sea floor of the Gulf of Mexico looking for oil, oil might start coming out of one of them. And you'd have some idea of what to do. That's certainly one of the things we need to do. But I think we have to understand where this leak really started from. It really started from the destruction of the idea that the government is there because it's our government, meant to protect the larger public interest. So I think that the oil blowout, the bank bailout, the mortgage crisis and all these things are absolutely symptoms of the same cause. We still seem to understand that at least, we need the police to protect us from a few bad people. And even though the police can be a little annoying at times -- giving us tickets and stuff like that -- nobody says that we should just get rid of them. But in the entire rest of government right now and for the last at least 30 years, there has been a culture of deregulation that is caused directly by the people who we need to be protected from, buying the government out from under us. (Applause) Now this has been a problem for a very, very long time. You can see that corporations were illegal at the founding of America, and even Thomas Jefferson complained that they were already bidding defiance to the laws of our country. OK, people who say they're conservative, if they really wanted to be really conservative and patriotic, they would tell these corporations to go to hell. That's what it would really mean to be conservative. So what we really need to do is regain the idea that it's our government safeguarding our interests, and regain a sense of unity and common cause in our country that really has been lost. I think there are signs of hope. We seem to be waking up a little bit. The Glass-Steagall Act -- which was really to protect us from the kind of thing that caused the recession to happen, and the bank meltdown and all that stuff that required the bailouts -- that was put in effect in 1933, was systematically destroyed. Now there's a mood to put some of that stuff back in place, but the lobbyists are already there trying to weaken the regulations after the legislation has just passed. So it's a continued fight. It's a historic moment right now. We're either going to have an absolutely unmitigated catastrophe of this oil leak in the Gulf, or we will make the moment we need out of this, as many people have noted today. There's certainly a common theme about needing to make the moment out of this. We've been through this before with other ways of offshore drilling. The first offshore wells were called whales. The first offshore drills were called harpoons. We emptied the ocean of the whales at that time. Now are we stuck with this? Ever since we lived in caves, every time we wanted any energy, we lit something on fire, and that is still what we're doing. We're still lighting something on fire every time we want energy. And people say we can't have clean energy because it's too expensive. Who says it's too expensive? People who sell us fossil fuels. We've been here before with energy, and people saying the economy cannot withstand a switch, because the cheapest energy was slavery. Energy is always a moral issue. It's an issue that is moral right now. It's a matter of right and wrong. Thank you very much. (Applause)

A Rosetta Stone for a lost language
I'd like to begin with a thought experiment. Imagine that it's 4,000 years into the future. Civilization as we know it has ceased to exist -- no books, no electronic devices, no Facebook or Twitter. All knowledge of the English language and the English alphabet has been lost. Now imagine archeologists digging through the rubble of one of our cities. What might they find? Well perhaps some rectangular pieces of plastic with strange symbols on them. Perhaps some circular pieces of metal. Maybe some cylindrical containers with some symbols on them. And perhaps one archeologist becomes an instant celebrity when she discovers -- buried in the hills somewhere in North America -- massive versions of these same symbols. Now let's ask ourselves, what could such artifacts say about us to people 4,000 years into the future? This is no hypothetical question. In fact, this is exactly the kind of question we're faced with when we try to understand the Indus Valley civilization, which existed 4,000 years ago. The Indus civilization was roughly contemporaneous with the much better known Egyptian and the Mesopotamian civilizations, but it was actually much larger than either of these two civilizations. It occupied the area of approximately one million square kilometers, covering what is now Pakistan, Northwestern India and parts of Afghanistan and Iran. Given that it was such a vast civilization, you might expect to find really powerful rulers, kings, and huge monuments glorifying these powerful kings. In fact, what archeologists have found is none of that. They've found small objects such as these. Here's an example of one of these objects. Well obviously this is a replica. But who is this person? A king? A god? A priest? Or perhaps an ordinary person like you or me? We don't know. But the Indus people also left behind artifacts with writing on them. Well no, not pieces of plastic, but stone seals, copper tablets, pottery and, surprisingly, one large sign board, which was found buried near the gate of a city. Now we don't know if it says Hollywood, or even Bollywood for that matter. In fact, we don't even know what any of these objects say, and that's because the Indus script is undeciphered. We don't know what any of these symbols mean. The symbols are most commonly found on seals. So you see up there one such object. It's the square object with the unicorn-like animal on it. Now that's a magnificent piece of art. So how big do you think that is? Perhaps that big? Or maybe that big? Well let me show you. Here's a replica of one such seal. It's only about one inch by one inch in size -- pretty tiny. So what were these used for? We know that these were used for stamping clay tags that were attached to bundles of goods that were sent from one place to the other. So you know those packing slips you get on your FedEx boxes? These were used to make those kinds of packing slips. You might wonder what these objects contain in terms of their text. Perhaps they're the name of the sender or some information about the goods that are being sent from one place to the other -- we don't know. We need to decipher the script to answer that question. Deciphering the script is not just an intellectual puzzle; it's actually become a question that's become deeply intertwined with the politics and the cultural history of South Asia. In fact, the script has become a battleground of sorts between three different groups of people. First, there's a group of people who are very passionate in their belief that the Indus script does not represent a language at all. These people believe that the symbols are very similar to the kind of symbols you find on traffic signs or the emblems you find on shields. There's a second group of people who believe that the Indus script represents an Indo-European language. If you look at a map of India today, you'll see that most of the languages spoken in North India belong to the Indo-European language family. So some people believe that the Indus script represents an ancient Indo-European language such as Sanskrit. There's a last group of people who believe that the Indus people were the ancestors of people living in South India today. These people believe that the Indus script represents an ancient form of the Dravidian language family, which is the language family spoken in much of South India today. And the proponents of this theory point to that small pocket of Dravidian-speaking people in the North, actually near Afghanistan, and they say that perhaps, sometime in the past, Dravidian languages were spoken all over India and that this suggests that the Indus civilization is perhaps also Dravidian. Which of these hypotheses can be true? We don't know, but perhaps if you deciphered the script, you would be able to answer this question. But deciphering the script is a very challenging task. First, there's no Rosetta Stone. I don't mean the software; I mean an ancient artifact that contains in the same text both a known text and an unknown text. We don't have such an artifact for the Indus script. And furthermore, we don't even know what language they spoke. And to make matters even worse, most of the text that we have are extremely short. So as I showed you, they're usually found on these seals that are very, very tiny. And so given these formidable obstacles, one might wonder and worry whether one will ever be able to decipher the Indus script. In the rest of my talk, I'd like to tell you about how I learned to stop worrying and love the challenge posed by the Indus script. I've always been fascinated by the Indus script ever since I read about it in a middle school textbook. And why was I fascinated? Well it's the last major undeciphered script in the ancient world. My career path led me to become a computational neuroscientist, so in my day job, I create computer models of the brain to try to understand how the brain makes predictions, how the brain makes decisions, how the brain learns and so on. But in 2007, my path crossed again with the Indus script. That's when I was in India, and I had the wonderful opportunity to meet with some Indian scientists who were using computer models to try to analyze the script. And so it was then that I realized there was an opportunity for me to collaborate with these scientists, and so I jumped at that opportunity. And I'd like to describe some of the results that we have found. Or better yet, let's all collectively decipher. Are you ready? The first thing that you need to do when you have an undeciphered script is try to figure out the direction of writing. Here are two texts that contain some symbols on them. Can you tell me if the direction of writing is right to left or left to right? I'll give you a couple of seconds. Okay. Right to left, how many? Okay. Okay. Left to right? Oh, it's almost 50/50. Okay. The answer is: if you look at the left-hand side of the two texts, you'll notice that there's a cramping of signs, and it seems like 4,000 years ago, when the scribe was writing from right to left, they ran out of space. And so they had to cram the sign. One of the signs is also below the text on the top. This suggests the direction of writing was probably from right to left, and so that's one of the first things we know, that directionality is a very key aspect of linguistic scripts. And the Indus script now has this particular property. What other properties of language does the script show? Languages contain patterns. If I give you the letter Q and ask you to predict the next letter, what do you think that would be? Most of you said U, which is right. Now if I asked you to predict one more letter, what do you think that would be? Now there's several thoughts. There's E. It could be I. It could be A, but certainly not B, C or D, right? The Indus script also exhibits similar kinds of patterns. There's a lot of text that start with this diamond-shaped symbol. And this in turn tends to be followed by this quotation marks-like symbol. And this is very similar to a Q and U example. This symbol can in turn be followed by these fish-like symbols and some other signs, but never by these other signs at the bottom. And furthermore, there's some signs that really prefer the end of texts, such as this jar-shaped sign, and this sign, in fact, happens to be the most frequently occurring sign in the script. Given such patterns, here was our idea. The idea was to use a computer to learn these patterns, and so we gave the computer the existing texts. And the computer learned a statistical model of which symbols tend to occur together and which symbols tend to follow each other. Given the computer model, we can test the model by essentially quizzing it. So we could deliberately erase some symbols, and we can ask it to predict the missing symbols. Here are some examples. You may regard this as perhaps the most ancient game of Wheel of Fortune. What we found was that the computer was successful in 75 percent of the cases in predicting the correct symbol. In the rest of the cases, typically the second best guess or third best guess was the right answer. There's also practical use for this particular procedure. There's a lot of these texts that are damaged. Here's an example of one such text. And we can use the computer model now to try to complete this text and make a best guess prediction. Here's an example of a symbol that was predicted. And this could be really useful as we try to decipher the script by generating more data that we can analyze. Now here's one other thing you can do with the computer model. So imagine a monkey sitting at a keyboard. I think you might get a random jumble of letters that looks like this. Such a random jumble of letters is said to have a very high entropy. This is a physics and information theory term. But just imagine it's a really random jumble of letters. How many of you have ever spilled coffee on a keyboard? You might have encountered the stuck-key problem -- so basically the same symbol being repeated over and over again. This kind of a sequence is said to have a very low entropy because there's no variation at all. Language, on the other hand, has an intermediate level of entropy; it's neither too rigid, nor is it too random. What about the Indus script? Here's a graph that plots the entropies of a whole bunch of sequences. At the very top you find the uniformly random sequence, which is a random jumble of letters -- and interestingly, we also find the DNA sequence from the human genome and instrumental music. And both of these are very, very flexible, which is why you find them in the very high range. At the lower end of the scale, you find a rigid sequence, a sequence of all A's, and you also find a computer program, in this case in the language Fortran, which obeys really strict rules. Linguistic scripts occupy the middle range. Now what about the Indus script? We found that the Indus script actually falls within the range of the linguistic scripts. When this result was first published, it was highly controversial. There were people who raised a hue and cry, and these people were the ones who believed that the Indus script does not represent language. I even started to get some hate mail. My students said that I should really seriously consider getting some protection. Who'd have thought that deciphering could be a dangerous profession? What does this result really show? It shows that the Indus script shares an important property of language. So, as the old saying goes, if it looks like a linguistic script and it acts like a linguistic script, then perhaps we may have a linguistic script on our hands. What other evidence is there that the script could actually encode language? Well linguistic scripts can actually encode multiple languages. So for example, here's the same sentence written in English and the same sentence written in Dutch using the same letters of the alphabet. If you don't know Dutch and you only know English and I give you some words in Dutch, you'll tell me that these words contain some very unusual patterns. Some things are not right, and you'll say these words are probably not English words. The same thing happens in the case of the Indus script. The computer found several texts -- two of them are shown here -- that have very unusual patterns. So for example the first text: there's a doubling of this jar-shaped sign. This sign is the most frequently-occurring sign in the Indus script, and it's only in this text that it occurs as a doubling pair. Why is that the case? We went back and looked at where these particular texts were found, and it turns out that they were found very, very far away from the Indus Valley. They were found in present day Iraq and Iran. And why were they found there? What I haven't told you is that the Indus people were very, very enterprising. They used to trade with people pretty far away from where they lived, and so in this case, they were traveling by sea all the way to Mesopotamia, present-day Iraq. And what seems to have happened here is that the Indus traders, the merchants, were using this script to write a foreign language. It's just like our English and Dutch example. And that would explain why we have these strange patterns that are very different from the kinds of patterns you see in the text that are found within the Indus Valley. This suggests that the same script, the Indus script, could be used to write different languages. The results we have so far seem to point to the conclusion that the Indus script probably does represent language. If it does represent language, then how do we read the symbols? That's our next big challenge. So you'll notice that many of the symbols look like pictures of humans, of insects, of fishes, of birds. Most ancient scripts use the rebus principle, which is, using pictures to represent words. So as an example, here's a word. Can you write it using pictures? I'll give you a couple seconds. Got it? Okay. Great. Here's my solution. You could use the picture of a bee followed by a picture of a leaf -- and that's "belief," right. There could be other solutions. In the case of the Indus script, the problem is the reverse. You have to figure out the sounds of each of these pictures such that the entire sequence makes sense. So this is just like a crossword puzzle, except that this is the mother of all crossword puzzles because the stakes are so high if you solve it. My colleagues, Iravatham Mahadevan and Asko Parpola, have been making some headway on this particular problem. And I'd like to give you a quick example of Parpola's work. Here's a really short text. It contains seven vertical strokes followed by this fish-like sign. And I want to mention that these seals were used for stamping clay tags that were attached to bundles of goods, so it's quite likely that these tags, at least some of them, contain names of merchants. And it turns out that in India there's a long tradition of names being based on horoscopes and star constellations present at the time of birth. In Dravidian languages, the word for fish is "meen" which happens to sound just like the word for star. And so seven stars would stand for "elu meen," which is the Dravidian word for the Big Dipper star constellation. Similarly, there's another sequence of six stars, and that translates to "aru meen," which is the old Dravidian name for the star constellation Pleiades. And finally, there's other combinations, such as this fish sign with something that looks like a roof on top of it. And that could be translated into "mey meen," which is the old Dravidian name for the planet Saturn. So that was pretty exciting. It looks like we're getting somewhere. But does this prove that these seals contain Dravidian names based on planets and star constellations? Well not yet. So we have no way of validating these particular readings, but if more and more of these readings start making sense, and if longer and longer sequences appear to be correct, then we know that we are on the right track. Today, we can write a word such as TED in Egyptian hieroglyphics and in cuneiform script, because both of these were deciphered in the 19th century. The decipherment of these two scripts enabled these civilizations to speak to us again directly. The Mayans started speaking to us in the 20th century, but the Indus civilization remains silent. Why should we care? The Indus civilization does not belong to just the South Indians or the North Indians or the Pakistanis; it belongs to all of us. These are our ancestors -- yours and mine. They were silenced by an unfortunate accident of history. If we decipher the script, we would enable them to speak to us again. What would they tell us? What would we find out about them? About us? I can't wait to find out. Thank you. (Applause)

It's time to question bio-engineering
Today I want to talk about design, but not design as we usually think about it. I want to talk about what is happening now in our scientific, biotechnological culture, where, for really the first time in history, we have the power to design bodies, to design animal bodies, to design human bodies. In the history of our planet, there have been three great waves of evolution. The first wave of evolution is what we think of as Darwinian evolution. So, as you all know, species lived in particular ecological niches and particular environments, and the pressures of those environments selected which changes, through random mutation in species, were going to be preserved. Then human beings stepped out of the Darwinian flow of evolutionary history and created the second great wave of evolution, which was we changed the environment in which we evolved. We altered our ecological niche by creating civilization. And that has been the second great -- couple 100,000 years, 150,000 years -- flow of our evolution. By changing our environment, we put new pressures on our bodies to evolve. Whether it was through settling down in agricultural communities, all the way through modern medicine, we have changed our own evolution. Now we're entering a third great wave of evolutionary history, which has been called many things: "intentional evolution," "evolution by design" -- very different than intelligent design -- whereby we are actually now intentionally designing and altering the physiological forms that inhabit our planet. So I want to take you through a kind of whirlwind tour of that and then at the end talk a little bit about what some of the implications are for us and for our species, as well as our cultures, because of this change. Now we actually have been doing it for a long time. We started selectively breeding animals many, many thousands of years ago. And if you think of dogs for example, dogs are now intentionally-designed creatures. There isn't a dog on this earth that's a natural creature. Dogs are the result of selectively breeding traits that we like. But we had to do it the hard way in the old days by choosing offspring that looked a particular way and then breeding them. We don't have to do it that way anymore. This is a beefalo. A beefalo is a buffalo-cattle hybrid. And they are now making them, and someday, perhaps pretty soon, you will have beefalo patties in your local supermarket. This is a geep, a goat-sheep hybrid. The scientists that made this cute little creature ended up slaughtering it and eating it afterwards. I think they said it tasted like chicken. This is a cama. A cama is a camel-llama hybrid, created to try to get the hardiness of a camel with some of the personality traits of a llama. And they are now using these in certain cultures. Then there's the liger. This is the largest cat in the world -- the lion-tiger hybrid. It's bigger than a tiger. And in the case of the liger, there actually have been one or two that have been seen in the wild. But these were created by scientists using both selective breeding and genetic technology. And then finally, everybody's favorite, the zorse. None of this is Photoshopped. These are real creatures. And so one of the things we've been doing is using genetic enhancement, or genetic manipulation, of normal selective breeding pushed a little bit through genetics. And if that were all this was about, then it would be an interesting thing. But something much, much more powerful is happening now. These are normal mammalian cells genetically engineered with a bioluminescent gene taken out of deep-sea jellyfish. We all know that some deep-sea creatures glow. Well, they've now taken that gene, that bioluminescent gene, and put it into mammal cells. These are normal cells. And what you see here is these cells glowing in the dark under certain wavelengths of light. Once they could do that with cells, they could do it with organisms. So they did it with mouse pups, kittens. And by the way, the reason the kittens here are orange and these are green is because that's a bioluminescent gene from coral, while this is from jellyfish. They did it with pigs. They did it with puppies. And, in fact, they did it with monkeys. And if you can do it with monkeys -- though the great leap in trying to genetically manipulate is actually between monkeys and apes -- if they can do it in monkeys, they can probably figure out how to do it in apes, which means they can do it in human beings. In other words, it is theoretically possible that before too long we will be biotechnologically capable of creating human beings that glow in the dark. Be easier to find us at night. And in fact, right now in many states, you can go out and you can buy bioluminescent pets. These are zebra fish. They're normally black and silver. These are zebra fish that have been genetically engineered to be yellow, green, red, and they are actually available now in certain states. Other states have banned them. Nobody knows what to do with these kinds of creatures. There is no area of the government -- not the EPA or the FDA -- that controls genetically-engineered pets. And so some states have decided to allow them, some states have decided to ban them. Some of you may have read about the FDA's consideration right now of genetically-engineered salmon. The salmon on top is a genetically engineered Chinook salmon, using a gene from these salmon and from one other fish that we eat, to make it grow much faster using a lot less feed. And right now the FDA is trying to make a final decision on whether, pretty soon, you could be eating this fish -- it'll be sold in the stores. And before you get too worried about it, here in the United States, the majority of food you buy in the supermarket already has genetically-modified components to it. So even as we worry about it, we have allowed it to go on in this country -- much different in Europe -- without any regulation, and even without any identification on the package. These are all the first cloned animals of their type. So in the lower right here, you have Dolly, the first cloned sheep -- now happily stuffed in a museum in Edinburgh; Ralph the rat, the first cloned rat; CC the cat, for cloned cat; Snuppy, the first cloned dog -- Snuppy for Seoul National University puppy -- created in South Korea by the very same man that some of you may remember had to end up resigning in disgrace because he claimed he had cloned a human embryo, which he had not. He actually was the first person to clone a dog, which is a very difficult thing to do, because dog genomes are very plastic. This is Prometea, the first cloned horse. It's a Haflinger horse cloned in Italy, a real "gold ring" of cloning, because there are many horses that win important races who are geldings. In other words, the equipment to put them out to stud has been removed. But if you can clone that horse, you can have both the advantage of having a gelding run in the race and his identical genetic duplicate can then be put out to stud. These were the first cloned calves, the first cloned grey wolves, and then, finally, the first cloned piglets: Alexis, Chista, Carrel, Janie and Dotcom. (Laughter) In addition, we've started to use cloning technology to try to save endangered species. This is the use of animals now to create drugs and other things in their bodies that we want to create. So with antithrombin in that goat -- that goat has been genetically modified so that the molecules of its milk actually include the molecule of antithrombin that GTC Genetics wants to create. And then in addition, transgenic pigs, knockout pigs, from the National Institute of Animal Science in South Korea, are pigs that they are going to use, in fact, to try to create all kinds of drugs and other industrial types of chemicals that they want the blood and the milk of these animals to produce for them, instead of producing them in an industrial way. These are two creatures that were created in order to save endangered species. The guar is an endangered Southeast Asian ungulate. A somatic cell, a body cell, was taken from its body, gestated in the ovum of a cow, and then that cow gave birth to a guar. Same thing happened with the mouflon, where it's an endangered species of sheep. It was gestated in a regular sheep body, which actually raises an interesting biological problem. We have two kinds of DNA in our bodies. We have our nucleic DNA that everybody thinks of as our DNA, but we also have DNA in our mitochondria, which are the energy packets of the cell. That DNA is passed down through our mothers. So really, what you end up having here is not a guar and not a mouflon, but a guar with cow mitochondria, and therefore cow mitochondrial DNA, and a mouflon with another species of sheep's mitochondrial DNA. These are really hybrids, not pure animals. And it raises the question of how we're going to define animal species in the age of biotechnology -- a question that we're not really sure yet how to solve. This lovely creature is an Asian cockroach. And what they've done here is they've put electrodes in its ganglia and its brain and then a transmitter on top, and it's on a big computer tracking ball. And now, using a joystick, they can send this creature around the lab and control whether it goes left or right, forwards or backwards. They've created a kind of insect bot, or bugbot. It gets worse than that -- or perhaps better than that. This actually is one of DARPA's very important -- DARPA is the Defense Research Agency -- one of their projects. These goliath beetles are wired in their wings. They have a computer chip strapped to their backs, and they can fly these creatures around the lab. They can make them go left, right. They can make them take off. They can't actually make them land. They put them about one inch above the ground, and then they shut everything off and they go pfft. But it's the closest they can get to a landing. And in fact, this technology has gotten so developed that this creature -- this is a moth -- this is the moth in its pupa stage, and that's when they put the wires in and they put in the computer technology, so that when the moth actually emerges as a moth, it is already prewired. The wires are already in its body, and they can just hook it up to their technology, and now they've got these bugbots that they can send out for surveillance. They can put little cameras on them and perhaps someday deliver other kinds of ordinance to warzones. It's not just insects. This is the ratbot, or the robo-rat by Sanjiv Talwar at SUNY Downstate. Again, it's got technology -- it's got electrodes going into its left and right hemispheres; it's got a camera on top of its head. The scientists can make this creature go left, right. They have it running through mazes, controlling where it's going. They've now created an organic robot. The graduate students in Sanjiv Talwar's lab said, "Is this ethical? We've taken away the autonomy of this animal." I'll get back to that in a minute. There's also been work done with monkeys. This is Miguel Nicolelis of Duke. He took owl monkeys, wired them up so that a computer watched their brains while they moved, especially looking at the movement of their right arm. The computer learned what the monkey brain did to move its arm in various ways. They then hooked it up to a prosthetic arm, which you see here in the picture, put the arm in another room. Pretty soon, the computer learned, by reading the monkey's brainwaves, to make that arm in the other room do whatever the monkey's arm did. Then he put a video monitor in the monkey's cage that showed the monkey this prosthetic arm, and the monkey got fascinated. The monkey recognized that whatever she did with her arm, this prosthetic arm would do. And eventually she was moving it and moving it, and eventually stopped moving her right arm and, staring at the screen, could move the prosthetic arm in the other room only with her brainwaves -- which means that monkey became the first primate in the history of the world to have three independent functional arms. And it's not just technology that we're putting into animals. This is Thomas DeMarse at the University of Florida. He took 20,000 and then 60,000 disaggregated rat neurons -- so these are just individual neurons from rats -- put them on a chip. They self-aggregated into a network, became an integrated chip. And he used that as the IT piece of a mechanism which ran a flight simulator. So now we have organic computer chips made out of living, self-aggregating neurons. Finally, Mussa-Ivaldi of Northwestern took a completely intact, independent lamprey eel brain. This is a brain from a lamprey eel. It is living -- fully-intact brain in a nutrient medium with these electrodes going off to the sides, attached photosensitive sensors to the brain, put it into a cart -- here's the cart, the brain is sitting there in the middle -- and using this brain as the sole processor for this cart, when you turn on a light and shine it at the cart, the cart moves toward the light; when you turn it off, it moves away. It's photophilic. So now we have a complete living lamprey eel brain. Is it thinking lamprey eel thoughts, sitting there in its nutrient medium? I don't know, but in fact it is a fully living brain that we have managed to keep alive to do our bidding. So, we are now at the stage where we are creating creatures for our own purposes. This is a mouse created by Charles Vacanti of the University of Massachusetts. He altered this mouse so that it was genetically engineered to have skin that was less immunoreactive to human skin, put a polymer scaffolding of an ear under it and created an ear that could then be taken off the mouse and transplanted onto a human being. Genetic engineering coupled with polymer physiotechnology coupled with xenotransplantation. This is where we are in this process. Finally, not that long ago, Craig Venter created the first artificial cell, where he took a cell, took a DNA synthesizer, which is a machine, created an artificial genome, put it in a different cell -- the genome was not of the cell he put it in -- and that cell then reproduced as the other cell. In other words, that was the first creature in the history of the world that had a computer as its parent -- it did not have an organic parent. And so, asks The Economist: "The first artificial organism and its consequences." So you may have thought that the creation of life was going to happen in something that looked like that. (Laughter) But in fact, that's not what Frankenstein's lab looks like. This is what Frankenstein's lab looks like. This is a DNA synthesizer, and here at the bottom are just bottles of A, T, C and G -- the four chemicals that make up our DNA chain. And so, we need to ask ourselves some questions. For the first time in the history of this planet, we are able to directly design organisms. We can manipulate the plasmas of life with unprecedented power, and it confers on us a responsibility. Is everything okay? Is it okay to manipulate and create whatever creatures we want? Do we have free reign to design animals? Do we get to go someday to Pets 'R' Us and say, "Look, I want a dog. I'd like it to have the head of a Dachshund, the body of a retriever, maybe some pink fur, and let's make it glow in the dark"? Does industry get to create creatures who, in their milk, in their blood, and in their saliva and other bodily fluids, create the drugs and industrial molecules we want and then warehouse them as organic manufacturing machines? Do we get to create organic robots, where we remove the autonomy from these animals and turn them just into our playthings? And then the final step of this, once we perfect these technologies in animals and we start using them in human beings, what are the ethical guidelines that we will use then? It's already happening. It's not science fiction. We are not only already using these things in animals, some of them we're already beginning to use on our own bodies. We are now taking control of our own evolution. We are directly designing the future of the species of this planet. It confers upon us an enormous responsibility that is not just the responsibility of the scientists and the ethicists who are thinking about it and writing about it now. It is the responsibility of everybody because it will determine what kind of planet and what kind of bodies we will have in the future. Thanks. (Applause)

The tradeoffs of building green
First of all, I'm a geek. I'm an organic food-eating, carbon footprint-minimizing, robotic surgery geek. And I really want to build green, but I'm very suspicious of all of these well-meaning articles, people long on moral authority and short on data, telling me how to do these kinds of things. And so I have to figure this out for myself. For example: Is this evil? I have dropped a blob of organic yogurt from happy self-actualized local cows on my counter top, and I grab a paper towel and I want to wipe it up. But can I use a paper towel? (Laughter) The answer to this can be found in embodied energy. This is the amount of energy that goes into any paper towel or embodied water, and every time I use a paper towel, I am using this much virtual energy and water. Wipe it up, throw it away. Now, if I compare that to a cotton towel that I can use a thousand times, I don't have a whole lot of embodied energy until I wash that yogurty towel. This is now operating energy. So if I throw my towel in the washing machine, I've now put energy and water back into that towel ... unless I use a front-loading, high-efficiency washing machine, (Laughter) and then it looks a little bit better. But what about a recycled paper towel that comes in those little half sheets? Well, now a paper towel looks better. Screw the paper towels. Let's go to a sponge. I wipe it up with a sponge, and I put it under the running water, and I have a lot less energy and a lot more water. Unless you're like me and you leave the handle in the position of hot even when you turn it on, and then you start to use more energy. Or worse, you let it run until it's warm to rinse out your towel. And now all bets are off. (Laughter) So what this says is that sometimes the things that you least expect -- the position in which you put the handle -- have a bigger effect than any of those other things that you were trying to optimize. Now imagine someone as twisted as me trying to build a house. (Laughter) That's what my husband and I are doing right now. And so, we wanted to know, how green could we be? And there's a thousand and one articles out there telling us how to make all these green trade-offs. And they are just as suspect in telling us to optimize these little things around the edges and missing the elephant in the living room. Now, the average house has about 300 megawatt hours of embodied energy in it; this is the energy it takes to make it -- millions and millions of paper towels. We wanted to know how much better we could do. And so, like many people, we start with a house on a lot, and I'm going to show you a typical construction on the top and what we're doing on the bottom. So first, we demolish it. It takes some energy, but if you deconstruct it -- you take it all apart, you use the bits -- you can get some of that energy back. We then dug a big hole to put in a rainwater catchment tank to take our yard water independent. And then we poured a big foundation for passive solar. Now, you can reduce the embodied energy by about 25 percent by using high fly ash concrete. We then put in framing. And so this is framing -- lumber, composite materials -- and it's kind of hard to get the embodied energy out of that, but it can be a sustainable resource if you use FSC-certified lumber. We then go on to the first thing that was very surprising. If we put aluminum windows in this house, we would double the energy use right there. Now, PVC is a little bit better, but still not as good as the wood that we chose. We then put in plumbing, electrical and HVAC, and insulate. Now, spray foam is an excellent insulator -- it fills in all the cracks -- but it is pretty high embodied energy, and, sprayed-in cellulose or blue jeans is a much lower energy alternative to that. We also used straw bale infill for our library, which has zero embodied energy. When it comes time to sheetrock, if you use EcoRock it's about a quarter of the embodied energy of standard sheetrock. And then you get to the finishes, the subject of all of those "go green" articles, and on the scale of a house they almost make no difference at all. And yet, all the press is focused on that. Except for flooring. If you put carpeting in your house, it's about a tenth of the embodied energy of the entire house, unless you use concrete or wood for a much lower embodied energy. So now we add in the final construction energy, we add it all up, and we've built a house for less than half of the typical embodied energy for building a house like this. But before we pat ourselves too much on the back, we have poured 151 megawatt hours of energy into constructing this house when there was a house there before. And so the question is: How could we make that back? And so if I run my new energy-efficient house forward, compared with the old, non-energy-efficient house, we make it back in about six years. Now, I probably would have upgraded the old house to be more energy-efficient, and in that case, it would take me more about 20 years to break even. Now, if I hadn't paid attention to embodied energy, it would have taken us over 50 years to break even compared to the upgraded house. So what does this mean? On the scale of my portion of the house, this is equivalent to about as much as I drive in a year, it's about five times as much as if I went entirely vegetarian. But my elephant in the living room flies. Clearly, I need to walk home from TED. But all the calculations for embodied energy are on the blog. And, remember, it's sometimes the things that you are not expecting to be the biggest changes that are. Thank you. (Applause)

A plug for smart power outlets
This is a world-changing invention. The smoke alarm has saved perhaps hundreds of thousands of lives, worldwide. But smoke alarms don't prevent fires. Every year in the USA, over 20,000 are killed or injured with 350,000 home fires. And one of the main causes of all these fires is electricity. What if we could prevent electrical fires before they start? Well, a couple of friends and I figured out how to do this. So how does electricity ignite residential fires? Well it turns out that the main causes are faulty and misused appliances and electrical wiring. Our invention had to address all of these issues. So what about circuit breakers? Well, Thomas Edison invented the circuit breaker in 1879. This is 130-year-old technology, and this is a problem, because over 80 percent of all home electrical fires start below the safety threshold of circuit breakers. Hmmm ... So we considered all of this. And we realized that electrical appliances must be able to communicate directly with the power receptacle itself. Any electrical device -- an appliance, an extension cord, whatever -- must be able to tell the power outlet, "Hey, power outlet, I'm drawing too much current. Shut me off now, before I start a fire." And the power outlet needs to be smart enough to do it. So here is what we did. We put a 10-cent digital transponder, a data tag, in the appliance plug. And we put an inexpensive, wireless data reader inside the receptacle so they could communicate. Now, every home electrical system becomes an intelligent network. The appliance's safe operating parameters are embedded into its plug. If too much current is flowing, the intelligent receptacle turns itself off, and prevents another fire from starting. We call this technology EFCI, Electrical Fault Circuit Interrupter. Okay, two more points. Every year in the USA, roughly 2,500 children are admitted to emergency rooms for shock and burn injuries related to electrical receptacles. And this is crazy. An intelligent receptacle prevents injuries because the power is always off, until an intelligent plug is detected. Simple. Now, besides saving lives, perhaps the greatest benefit of intelligent power is in its energy savings. This invention will reduce global energy consumption by allowing remote control and automation of every outlet in every home and business. Now you can choose to reduce your home energy bill by automatically cycling heavy loads like air conditioners and heaters. Hotels and businesses can shut down unused rooms from a central location, or even a cell phone. There are 10 billion electrical outlets in North America alone. The potential energy savings is very, very significant. So far we've applied for 414 patent claims. Of those, 186 have been granted: 228 are in process. And I'm pleased to announce that just three weeks ago we received our first international recognition, the 2009 CES Innovation Award. So, to conclude, intelligent power can, globally, save thousands of lives, prevent tens of thousands of injuries, and eliminate tens of billions of dollars in property damage every single year, while significantly reducing global energy consumption. In the spirit of this year's TED Conference, we think this is a powerful, world-changing invention. And I'd like to thank Chris for this opportunity to unveil our technology with you, and soon the world. Thank you. (Applause)

Augmeneted-reality maps
About a year and a half ago, Stephen Lawler, who also gave a talk here at TED in 2007 on Virtual Earth, brought me over to become the architect of Bing Maps, which is Microsoft's online-mapping effort. In the past two and a half, we've been very hard at work on redefining the way maps work online. And we really are seeing this in very different terms from the kind of mapping and direction site that one is used to. So, the first thing that you might notice about the mapping site is just the fluidity of the zooming and the panning, which, if you're familiar at all with Seadragon, that's where it comes from. Mapping is, of course, not just about cartography, it's also about imagery. So, as we zoom-in beyond a certain level this resolves into a kind of Sim City-like virtual view at 45 degrees. This can be viewed from any of the cardinal directions to show you the 3D structure of the city, all the facades. Now, we see this space, this three-dimensional environment, as being a canvas on which all sorts of applications can play out, and map's directions are really just one of them. If you click on this, you'll see some of the ones that we've put out, just in the past couple of months since we've launched. So, for example, a couple of days after the disaster in Haiti, we had an earthquake map that showed before and after pictures from the sky. This wonderful one which I don't have time to show you is taking hyper-local blogs in real time and mapping those stories, those entries to the places that are referred to on the blogs. It's wonderful. But I'm going to show you some more candy sort of stuff. So, we see the imagery, of course, not stopping at the sky. These little green bubbles represent photosynths that users have made. I'm not going to dive into them either, but photosynths are integrated into the map. Everything that's cased in blue is an area where we've taken imagery on the ground as well. And so, when you fly down -- (Applause) Thank you. When you fly down to the ground, and you see this kind of panoramic imagery, the first thing that you might notice is that it's not just a picture, there's just as much three-dimensional understanding of this environment as there is of the three-dimensional city from above, so if I click on something to get a closer view of it, then, the fact that that transition looks as it does, is a function of all of that geometry, all of that 3D understanding behind this model. Now, I'll show you a fun app that -- we've been working on a collaboration with our friends at Flickr. This takes Flickr, georegistered imagery and uses photosynth-like processes to connect that imagery to our imagery, so -- I'm not sure if that's the one I actually meant to pull up, but -- (Laughter) But notice -- this is, of course, a popular tourist site, and there are lots of photos around here, and these photos are all taken at different times. So this one was taken around five. So that's the Flickr photo, that's our imagery. So you really see how this kind of crowd-sourced imagery is integrating, in a very deep way, into the map itself. (Applause) Thank you. (Applause) There are several reasons why this is interesting and one of them, of course, is time travel. And I'm not going to show you some of the wonderful historic imagery in here, but there are some with horses and carriages and so on as well. But what's cool about this is that, not only is it augmenting this visual representation of the world with things that are coming in from users, but it also is the foundation for augmented reality, and that's something that I'll be showing you more of in just a moment. Now I just made a transition indoors. That's also interesting. OK, notice there's now a roof above us. We're inside the Pike Place Market. And this is something that we're able to do with a backpack camera, so, we're now not only imaging in the street with this camera on tops of cars, but we're also imaging inside. And from here, we're able to do the same sorts of registration, not only of still images, but also of video. So this is something that we're now going to try for the first time, live, and this is really, truly, very frightening. (Laughter) OK. (Ringing) All right, guys, are you there? (Noise) All right. I'm hitting it. I'm punching play. I'm live. All right. There we go. So, these are our friends in Pike Place Market, the lab. (Applause) So they're broadcasting this live. OK, George, can you pan back over to the corner market? Because I want to show points of interest. No, no. The other way. Yeah, yeah, back to the corner, back to the corner. I don't want to see you guys yet. OK, OK, back to the corner, back to the corner, back to the corner. OK, never mind. What I wanted to show you was these points of interest over here on top of the image because what that gives you a sense of is the way, if you're actually on the spot, you can think about this -- this is taking a step in addition to augmented reality. What the hell are you guys -- oh, sorry. (Laughter) We're doing two different -- OK, I'm hanging up now. We're doing two different things here. One of them is to take that real ... (Laughter) All right, let me just take a moment and thank the team. They've done a fantastic job of pulling this together. (Applause) I'm going to abandon them now and walk back outside. And while I walk outside, I'll just mention that here we're using this for telepresence, but you can equally well use this on the spot, for augmented reality. When you use it on the spot, it means that you're able to bring all of that metadata and information about the world to you. So here, we're taking the extra step of also broadcasting it. That was being broadcast, by the way, on a 4G network from the market. All right, and now there's one last TED talk that Microsoft has given in the past several years. And that's Curtis Wong, WorldWide Telescope. So, we're going to head over to the dumpsters, where it's traditional, after a long day at the market, to go out for a break, but also stare up at the sky. This is the integration of WorldWide Telescope into our maps. (Applause) This is the current -- thank you -- this is the current time. If we scrub the time, then we can see how the sky will look at different times, and we can get all of this very detailed information about different times, different dates: Let's move the moon a little higher in the sky, maybe change the date. I would like to kind of zoom in on the moon. So, this is an astronomically complete representation of the sky integrated right into the Earth. All right now, I've overrun my time, so I've got to stop. Thank you all very much. (Applause)

The untouchable music of the theremin
(Music) (Applause) Thank you. Ooh, I'm like, "Phew, phew, calm down. Get back into my body now." (Laughter) Usually when I play out, the first thing that happens is people scream out, "What's she doing?!" I'll play at these rock shows, be on stage standing completely still, and they're like, "What's she doing?! What's she doing?!" And then I'll kind of be like -- (Vvvwow!) -- and then they're like, "Whoa!" (Laughter) I'm sure you're trying to figure out, "Well, how does this thing work?" Well, what I'm doing is controlling the pitch with my left hand. See, the closer I get to this antenna, the higher the note gets -- (Portamento) -- and you can get it really low. And with this hand I'm controlling the volume, so the further away my right hand gets, the louder it gets. (Tones) So basically, with both of your hands you're controlling pitch and volume and kind of trying to create the illusion that you're doing separate notes, when really it's continuously going ... (Flourish ... Beep) (Laughter) Sometimes I startle myself: I'll forget that I have it on, and I'll lean over to pick up something, and then it goes like -- (Blip) -- "Oh!" And it's like a funny sound effect that follows you around if you don't turn the thing off. (Laughter) Maybe we'll go into the next tune, because I totally lost where this is going. We're going to do a song by David Mash called "Listen: the Words Are Gone," and maybe I'll have words come back into me afterwards if I can relax. (Music) (Applause) So, I'm trying to think of some of the questions that are commonly asked; there are so many. And ... Well, I guess I could tell you a little of the history of the theremin. It was invented around the 1920s, and the inventor, Léon Theremin -- he also was a musician besides an inventor -- he came up with the idea for making the theremin, I think, when he was working on some shortwave radios. And there'd be that sound in the signal -- it's like (Screeching) -- and he thought, "Oh, what if I could control that sound and turn it into an instrument, because there are pitches in it." And so somehow through developing that, he eventually came to make the theremin the way it is now. And a lot of times, even kids nowadays, they'll make reference to a theremin by going, "Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo," because in the '50s it was used in the sci-fi horror movies, that sound that's like ... (Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo) (Laughter) It's kind of a funny, goofy sound to do. And sometimes if I have too much coffee, then my vibrato gets out of hand. You're really sensitive to your body and its functions when you're behind this thing. You have to stay so still if you want to have the most control. It reminds me of the balancing act earlier on -- what Michael was doing -- because you're fighting so hard to keep the balance with what you're playing with and stay in tune, and at the same time you don't want to focus so much on being in tune all the time; you want to be feeling the music. And then also, you're trying to stay very, very, very still because little movements with other parts of your body will affect the pitch, or sometimes if you're holding a low note -- (Tone rising out of key) -- and breathing will make it ... (Laughter)  If I pass out on the next song ... (Laughter) I think of it almost like like a yoga instrument because it makes you so aware of every little crazy thing your body is doing, or just aware of what you don't want it to be doing while you're playing; you don't want to have any sudden movements. And if I go to a club and play a gig, people are like, "Here, have some drinks on us!" And it's like, "Well, I'm about to go on soon; I don't want to be like -- (Teetering tones) -- you know?" It really does reflect the mood that you're in also, if you're ... it's similar to being a vocalist, except instead of it coming out of your throat, you're controlling it just in the air and you don't really have a point of reference; you're always relying on your ears and adjusting constantly. You just have to always adjust to what's happening and realize you'll have bummer notes come here and there and listen to it, adjust it, and just move on, or else you'll get too tied up and go crazy. Like me. I think we will play another tune now. I'm going to do "Lush Life." It's one of my favorite tunes to play. (Music) (Applause)

A test that finds 3x more breast tumors, and why it's not available to you
There are two groups of women when it comes to screening mammography -- women in whom mammography works very well and has saved thousands of lives and women in whom it doesn't work well at all. Do you know which group you're in? If you don't, you're not alone. Because the breast has become a very political organ. The truth has become lost in all the rhetoric coming from the press, politicians, radiologists and medical imaging companies. I will do my best this morning to tell you what I think is the truth. But first, my disclosures. I am not a breast cancer survivor. I'm not a radiologist. I don't have any patents, and I've never received any money from a medical imaging company, and I am not seeking your vote. (Laughter) What I am is a doctor of internal medicine who became passionately interested in this topic about 10 years ago when a patient asked me a question. She came to see me after discovering a breast lump. Her sister had been diagnosed with breast cancer in her 40s. She and I were both very pregnant at that time, and my heart just ached for her, imagining how afraid she must be. Fortunately, her lump proved to be benign. But she asked me a question: how confident was I that I would find a tumor early on her mammogram if she developed one? So I studied her mammogram, and I reviewed the radiology literature, and I was shocked to discover that, in her case, our chances of finding a tumor early on the mammogram were less than the toss of a coin. You may recall a year ago when a firestorm erupted after the United States Preventive Services Task Force reviewed the world's mammography screening literature and issued a guideline recommending against screening mammograms in women in their 40s. Now everybody rushed to criticize the Task Force, even though most of them weren't in anyway familiar with the mammography studies. It took the Senate just 17 days to ban the use of the guidelines in determining insurance coverage. Radiologists were outraged by the guidelines. The pre-eminent mammographer in the United States issued the following quote to the Washington Post. The radiologists were, in turn, criticized for protecting their own financial self-interest. But in my view, the radiologists are heroes. There's a shortage of radiologists qualified to read mammograms, and that's because mammograms are one of the most complex of all radiology studies to interpret, and because radiologists are sued more often over missed breast cancer than any other cause. But that very fact is telling. Where there is this much legal smoke, there is likely to be some fire. The factor most responsible for that fire is breast density. Breast density refers to the relative amount of fat -- pictured here in yellow -- versus connective and epithelial tissues -- pictured in pink. And that proportion is primarily genetically determined. Two-thirds of women in their 40s have dense breast tissue, which is why mammography doesn't work as well in them. And although breast density generally declines with age, up to a third of women retain dense breast tissue for years after menopause. So how do you know if your breasts are dense? Well, you need to read the details of your mammography report. Radiologists classify breast density into four categories based on the appearance of the tissue on a mammogram. If the breast is less than 25 percent dense, that's called fatty-replaced. The next category is scattered fibroglandular densities, followed by heterogeneously dense and extremely dense. And breasts that fall into these two categories are considered dense. The problem with breast density is that it's truly the wolf in sheep's clothing. Both tumors and dense breast tissue appear white on a mammogram, and the X-ray often can't distinguish between the two. So it's easy to see this tumor in the upper part of this fatty breast. But imagine how difficult it would be to find that tumor in this dense breast. That's why mammograms find over 80 percent of tumors in fatty breasts, but as few as 40 percent in extremely dense breasts. Now it's bad enough that breast density makes it hard to find a cancer, but it turns out that it's also a powerful predictor of your risk for breast cancer. It's a stronger risk factor than having a mother or a sister with breast cancer. At the time my patient posed this question to me, breast density was an obscure topic in the radiology literature, and very few women having mammograms, or the physicians ordering them, knew about this. But what else could I offer her? Mammograms have been around since the 1960's, and it's changed very little. There have been surprisingly few innovations, until digital mammography was approved in 2000. Digital mammography is still an X-ray of the breast, but the images can be stored and manipulated digitally, just like we can with a digital camera. The U.S. has invested four billion dollars converting to digital mammography equipment, and what have we gained from that investment? In a study funded by over 25 million taxpayer dollars, digital mammography was found to be no better over all than traditional mammography, and in fact, it was worse in older women. But it was better in one group, and that was women under 50 who were pre-menopausal and had dense breasts, and in those women, digital mammography found twice as many cancers, but it still only found 60 percent. So digital mammography has been a giant leap forward for manufacturers of digital mammography equipment, but it's been a very small step forward for womankind. What about ultrasound? Ultrasound generates more biopsies that are unnecessary relative to other technologies, so it's not widely used. And MRI is exquisitely sensitive for finding tumors, but it's also very expensive. If we think about disruptive technology, we see an almost ubiquitous pattern of the technology getting smaller and less expensive. Think about iPods compared to stereos. But it's the exact opposite in health care. The machines get ever bigger and ever more expensive. Screening the average young woman with an MRI is kind of like driving to the grocery store in a Hummer. It's just way too much equipment. One MRI scan costs 10 times what a digital mammogram costs. And sooner or later, we're going to have to accept the fact that health care innovation can't always come at a much higher price. Malcolm Gladwell wrote an article in the New Yorker on innovation, and he made the case that scientific discoveries are rarely the product of one individual's genius. Rather, big ideas can be orchestrated, if you can simply gather people with different perspectives in a room and get them to talk about things that they don't ordinarily talk about. It's like the essence of TED. He quotes one innovator who says, "The only time a physician and a physicist get together is when the physicist gets sick." (Laughter) This makes no sense, because physicians have all kinds of problems that they don't realize have solutions. And physicists have all kinds of solutions for things that they don't realize are problems. Now, take a look at this cartoon that accompanied Gladwell's article, and tell me if you see something disturbing about this depiction of innovative thinkers. (Laughter) So if you will allow me a little creative license, I will tell you the story of the serendipitous collision of my patient's problem with a physicist's solution. Shortly after her visit, I was introduced to a nuclear physicist at Mayo named Michael O'Conner, who was a specialist in cardiac imaging, something I had nothing to do with. And he happened to tell me about a conference he'd just returned from in Israel, where they were talking about a new type of gamma detector. Now gamma imaging has been around for a long time to image the heart, and it had even been tried to image the breast. But the problem was that the gamma detectors were these huge, bulky tubes, and they were filled with these scintillating crystals, and you just couldn't get them close enough around the breast to find small tumors. But the potential advantage was that gamma rays, unlike X-rays, are not influenced by breast density. But this technology could not find tumors when they're small, and finding a small tumor is critical for survival. If you can find a tumor when it's less than a centimeter, survival exceeds 90 percent, but drops off rapidly as tumor size increases. But Michael told me about a new type of gamma detector that he'd seen, and this is it. It's made not of a bulky tube, but of a thin layer of a semiconductor material that serves as the gamma detector. And I started talking to him about this problem with breast density, and we realized that we might be able to get this detector close enough around the breast to actually find small tumors. So after putting together a grid of these cubes with tape -- (Laughter) -- Michael hacked off the X-ray plate of a mammography machine that was about to be thrown out, and we attached the new detector, and we decided to call this machine Molecular Breast Imaging, or MBI. This is an image from our first patient. And you can see, using the old gamma technology, that it just looked like noise. But using our new detector, we could begin to see the outline of a tumor. So here we were, a nuclear physicist, an internist, soon joined by Carrie Hruska, a biomedical engineer, and two radiologists, and we were trying to take on the entrenched world of mammography with a machine that was held together by duct tape. To say that we faced high doses of skepticism in those early years is just a huge understatement, but we were so convinced that we might be able to make this work that we chipped away with incremental modifications to this system. This is our current detector. And you can see that it looks a lot different. The duct tape is gone, and we added a second detector on top of the breast, which has further improved our tumor detection. So how does this work? The patient receives an injection of a radio tracer that's taken up by rapidly proliferating tumor cells, but not by normal cells, and this is the key difference from mammography. Mammography relies on differences in the appearance of the tumor from the background tissue, and we've seen that those differences can be obscured in a dense breast. But MBI exploits the different molecular behavior of tumors, and therefore, it's impervious to breast density. After the injection, the patient's breast is placed between the detectors. And if you've ever had a mammogram -- if you're old enough to have had a mammogram -- you know what comes next: pain. You may be surprised to know that mammography is the only radiologic study that's regulated by federal law, and the law requires that the equivalent of a 40-pound car battery come down on your breast during this study. But with MBI, we use just light, pain-free compression. (Applause) And the detector then transmits the image to the computer. So here's an example. You can see, on the right, a mammogram showing a faint tumor, the edges of which are blurred by the dense tissue. But the MBI image shows that tumor much more clearly, as well as a second tumor, which profoundly influence that patient's surgical options. In this example, although the mammogram found one tumor, we were able to demonstrate three discrete tumors -- one is small as three millimeters. Our big break came in 2004. After we had demonstrated that we could find small tumors, we used these images to submit a grant to the Susan G. Komen Foundation. And we were elated when they took a chance on a team of completely unknown investigators and funded us to study 1,000 women with dense breasts, comparing a screening mammogram to an MBI. Of the tumors that we found, mammography found only 25 percent of those tumors. MBI found 83 percent. Here's an example from that screening study. The digital mammogram was read as normal and shows lots of dense tissue, but the MBI shows an area of intense uptake, which correlated with a two-centimeter tumor. In this case, a one-centimeter tumor. And in this case, a 45-year-old medical secretary at Mayo, who had lost her mother to breast cancer when she was very young, wanted to enroll in our study. And her mammogram showed an area of very dense tissue, but her MBI showed an area of worrisome uptake, which we can also see on a color image. And this corresponded to a tumor the size of a golf ball. But fortunately it was removed before it had spread to her lymph nodes. So now that we knew that this technology could find three times more tumors in a dense breast, we had to solve one very important problem. We had to figure out how to lower the radiation dose, and we have spent the last three years making modifications to every aspect of the imaging system to allow this. And I'm very happy to report that we're now using a dose of radiation that is equivalent to the effective dose from one digital mammogram. And at this low dose, we're continuing this screening study, and this image from three weeks ago in a 67-year-old woman shows a normal digital mammogram, but an MBI image showing an uptake that proved to be a large cancer. So this is not just young women that it's benefiting. It's also older women with dense tissue. And we're now routinely using one-fifth the radiation dose that's used in any other type of gamma technology. MBI generates four images per breast. MRI generates over a thousand. It takes a radiologist years of specialty training to become expert in differentiating the normal anatomic detail from the worrisome finding. But I suspect even the non-radiologists in the room can find the tumor on the MBI image. But this is why MBI is so potentially disruptive -- it's as accurate as MRI, it's far less complex to interpret, and it's a fraction of the cost. But you can understand why there may be forces in the breast-imaging world who prefer the status quo. After achieving what we felt were remarkable results, our manuscript was rejected by four journals. After the fourth rejection, we requested reconsideration of the manuscript, because we strongly suspected that one of the reviewers who had rejected it had a financial conflict of interest in a competing technology. Our manuscript was then accepted and will be published later this month in the journal Radiology. (Applause) We still need to complete the screening study using the low dose, and then our findings will need to be replicated at other institutions, and this could take five or more years. If this technology is widely adopted, I will not benefit financially in any way, and that is very important to me, because it allows me to continue to tell you the truth. But I recognize -- (Applause) I recognize that the adoption of this technology will depend as much on economic and political forces as it will on the soundness of the science. The MBI unit has now been FDA approved, but it's not yet widely available. So until something is available for women with dense breasts, there are things that you should know to protect yourself. First, know your density. Ninety percent of women don't, and 95 percent of women don't know that it increases your breast cancer risk. The State of Connecticut became the first and only state to mandate that women receive notification of their breast density after a mammogram. I was at a conference of 60,000 people in breast-imaging last week in Chicago, and I was stunned that there was a heated debate as to whether we should be telling women what their breast density is. Of course we should. And if you don't know, please ask your doctor or read the details of your mammography report. Second, if you're pre-menopausal, try to schedule your mammogram in the first two weeks of your menstrual cycle, when breast density is relatively lower. Third, if you notice a persistent change in your breast, insist on additional imaging. And fourth and most important, the mammography debate will rage on, but I do believe that all women 40 and older should have an annual mammogram. Mammography isn't perfect, but it's the only test that's been proven to reduce mortality from breast cancer. But this mortality banner is the very sword which mammography's most ardent advocates use to deter innovation. Some women who develop breast cancer die from it many years later, and most women, thankfully, survive. So it takes 10 or more years for any screening method to demonstrate a reduction in mortality from breast cancer. Mammography's the only one that's been around long enough to have a chance of making that claim. It is time for us to accept both the extraordinary successes of mammography and the limitations. We need to individualize screening based on density. For women without dense breasts, mammography is the best choice. But for women with dense breasts; we shouldn't abandon screening altogether, we need to offer them something better. The babies that we were carrying when my patient first asked me this question are now both in middle school, and the answer has been so slow to come. She's given me her blessing to share this story with you. After undergoing biopsies that further increased her risk for cancer and losing her sister to cancer, she made the difficult decision to have a prophylactic mastectomy. We can and must do better, not just in time for her granddaughters and my daughters, but in time for you. Thank you. (Applause)

The fight to end rare-animal trafficking in Brazil
Illegal wildlife trade in Brazil is one of the major threats against our fauna, especially birds, and mainly to supply the pet market with thousands of animals taken from nature every month, and transported far from their origins, to be sold mainly in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo. It is estimated that all kinds of illegal wildlife trade in Brazil withdraw from nature almost 38 million animals every year, a business worth almost two billion dollars. The police intercepts these huge cargos with live animals, intended to supply the pet market, or they seize the animals directly from the people's houses, and this is how we end up, every month, with thousands of seized animals. And for us to understand what happens with them, we're going to follow Brad. In the eyes of many people, after the animals are seized, they say, "Yay, justice has been served. The good guys arrived, took the cute, mistreated animals from the hands of the evil traffickers, and everyone lived happily ever after." But did they? Actually, no, and this is where many of our problems begin. Because we have to figure out what to do with all these animals. In Brazil, they are usually first sent to governmental triage facilities, in which most of the cases, the conditions are as bad as with the traffickers. In 2002, these centers received 45,000 animals, of which 37,000 were birds. And the police estimates that we seize only five percent of what's being trafficked. Some lucky ones -- and among them, Brad -- go to serious rehabilitation centers after that. And in these places they are cared for. They train their flying, they learn how to recognize the food they will find in nature, and they are able to socialize with others from the same species. (Laughter) But then what? The Brazil Ornithological Society -- so now we're talking only birds -- claims that we have too little knowledge about the species in nature. Therefore, it would be too risky to release these animals, both for the released and for the natural populations. They also claim that we spend too many resources in their rehabilitation. Following this argument, they suggest that all the birds seized from non-threatened species should be euthanized. However, this would mean having killed 26,267 birds, only in the state of São Paulo, only in 2006. But, some researchers, myself included -- some NGOs and some people from the Brazilian government -- believe there is an alternative. We think that if and when the animals meet certain criteria concerning their health, behavior, inferred origin and whatever we know about the natural populations, then technically responsible releases are possible, both for the well-being of the individual, and for the conservation of the species and their ecosystems, because we will be returning genes for these populations -- which could be important for them in facing environmental challenges -- and also we could be returning potential seed dispersers, predators, preys, etc. All of these were released by us. On the top, the turtles are just enjoying freedom. (Laughter) On the middle, this guy nested a couple of weeks after the release. And on the bottom, my personal favorite, the little male over there, four hours after his release he was together with a wild female. So, this is not new, people have been doing this around the world. But it's still a big issue in Brazil. We believe we have performed responsible releases. We've registered released animals mating in nature and having chicks. So, these genes are indeed going back to the populations. However this is still a minority for the very lack of knowledge. So, I say, "Let's study more, let's shed light on this issue, let's do whatever we can." I'm devoting my career to that. And I'm here to urge each and every one of you to do whatever is in your reach: Talk to your neighbor, teach your children, make sure your pet is from a legal breeder. We need to act, and act now, before these ones are the only ones left. Thank you very much. (Applause)

Take health care off the mainframe
If you think about the phone -- and Intel has tested a lot of the things I'm going to show you, over the last 10 years, in about 600 elderly households -- 300 in Ireland, and 300 in Portland -- trying to understand: How do we measure and monitor behavior in a medically meaningful way? And if you think about the phone, right, it's something that we can use for some incredible ways to help people actually take the right medication at the right time. We're testing these kinds of simple sensor-network technologies in the home so that any phone that a senior is already comfortable with can help them deal with their medications. And a lot of what they do is they pick up the phone, and it's our system whispering to them which pill they need to take, and they fake like they're having a conversation with a friend. And they're not embarrassed by a meds caddy that's ugly, that sits on their kitchen table and says, "I'm old. I'm frail." It's surreptitious technology that's helping them do a simple task of taking the right pill at the right time. Now, we also do some pretty amazing things with these phones. Because that moment when you answer the phone is a cognitive test every time that you do it. Think about it, all right? I'm going to answer the phone three different times. "Hello? Hey." All right? That's the first time. "Hello? Uh, hey." "Hello? Uh, who? Oh, hey." All right? Very big differences between the way I answered the phone the three times. And as we monitor phone usage by seniors over a long period of time, down to the tenths of a microsecond, that recognition moment of whether they can figure out that person on the other end is a friend and we start talking to them immediately, or they do a lot of what's called trouble talk, where they're like, "Wait, who is this? Oh." Right? Waiting for that recognition moment may be the best early indicator of the onset of dementia than anything that shows up clinically today. We call these behavioral markers. There's lots of others. Is the person going to the phone as quickly, when it rings, as they used to? Is it a hearing problem or is it a physicality problem? Has their voice gotten more quiet? We're doing a lot of work with people with Alzheimer's and particularly with Parkinson's, where that quiet voice that sometimes shows up with Parkinson's patients may be the best early indicator of Parkinson's five to 10 years before it shows up clinically. But those subtle changes in your voice over a long period of time are hard for you or your spouse to notice until it becomes so extreme and your voice has become so quiet. So, sensors are looking at that kind of voice. When you pick up the phone, how much tremor are you having, and what is that like, and what is that trend like over a period of time? Are you having more trouble dialing the phone than you used to? Is it a dexterity problem? Is it the onset of arthritis? Are you using the phone? Are you socializing less than you used to? And looking at that pattern. And what does that decline in social health mean, as a kind of a vital sign of the future? And then wow, what a radical idea, we -- except in the United States -- might be able to use this newfangled technology to actually interact with a nurse or a doctor on the other end of the line. Wow, what a great day that will be once we're allowed to actually do those kinds of things. So, these are what I would call behavioral markers. And it's the whole field that we've been trying to work on for the last 10 years at Intel. How do you put simple disruptive technologies, and the first of five phrases that I'm going to talk about in this talk? Behavioral markers matter. How do we change behavior? How do we measure changes in behavior in a meaningful way that's going to help us with prevention of disease, early onset of disease, and tracking the progression of disease over a long period of time? Now, why would Intel let me spend a lot of time and money, over the last 10 years, trying to understand the needs of seniors and start thinking about these kinds of behavioral markers? This is some of the field work that we've done. We have now lived with 1,000 elderly households in 20 countries over the last 10 years. We study people in Rochester, New York. We go live with them in the winter because what they do in the winter, and their access to healthcare, and how much they socialize, is very different than in the summer. If they have a hip fracture we go with them and we study their entire discharge experience. If they have a family member who is a key part of their care network, we fly and study them as well. So, we study the holistic health experience of 1,000 seniors over the last 10 years in 20 different countries. Why is Intel willing to fund that? It's because of the second slogan that I want to talk about. Ten years ago, when I started trying to convince Intel to let me go start looking at disruptive technologies that could help with independent living, this is what I called it: "Y2K + 10." You know, back in 2000, we were all so obsessed with paying attention to the aging of our computers, and whether or not they were going to survive the tick of the clock from 1999 to 2000, that we missed a moment that only demographers were paying attention to. It was right around New Years. And that switchover, when we had the larger number of older people on the planet, for the first time than younger people. For the first time in human history -- and barring aliens landing or some major other pandemic, that's the expectation from demographers, going forward. And 10 years ago it seemed like I had a lot of time to convince Intel to work on this. Right? Y2K + 10 was coming, the baby boomers starting to retire. Well folks, it's like we know these demographics here. This is a map of the entire world. It's like the lights are on, but nobody's home on this demographic Y2K + 10 problem. Right? I mean we sort of get it here, but we don't get it here, and we're not doing anything about it. The health reform bill is largely ignoring the realities of the age wave that's coming, and the implications for what we need to do to change not only how we pay for care, but deliver care in some radically different ways. And in fact, it's upon us. I mean you probably saw these headlines. This is Catherine Casey who is the first boomer to actually get Social Security. That actually occurred this year. She took early retirement. She was born one second after midnight in 1946. A retired school teacher, there she is with a Social Security administrator. The first boomer actually, we didn't even wait till 2011, next year. We're already starting to see early retirement occur this year. All right, so it's here. This Y2K + 10 problem is at our door. This is 50 tsunamis scheduled on the calendar, but somehow we can't sort of marshal our government and innovative forces to sort of get out in front of it and do something about it. We'll wait until it's more of a catastrophe, and react, as opposed to prepare for it. So, one of the reasons it's so challenging to prepare for this Y2K problem is, I want to argue, we have what I would call mainframe poisoning. Andy Grove, about six or seven years ago, he doesn't even know or remember this, in a Fortune Magazine article he used the phrase "mainframe healthcare," and I've been extending and expanding this. He saw it written down somewhere. He's like, "Eric that's a really cool concept." I was like, "Actually it was your idea. You said it in a Fortune Magazine article. I just extended it." You know, this is the mainframe. This mentality of traveling to and timesharing large, expensive healthcare systems actually began in 1787. This is the first general hospital in Vienna. And actually the second general hospital in Vienna, in about 1850, was where we started to build out an entire curriculum for teaching med students specialties. And it's a place in which we started developing architecture that literally divided the body, and divided care into departments and compartments. And it was reflected in our architecture, it was reflected in the way that we taught students, and this mainframe mentality persists today. Now, I'm not anti-hospital. With my own healthcare problems, I've taken drug therapies, I've traveled to this hospital and others, many, many times. But we worship the high hospital on a hill. Right? And this is mainframe healthcare. And just as 30 years ago we couldn't conceive that we would have the power of a mainframe computer that took up a room this size in our purses and on our belts, that we're carrying around in our cell phone today, and suddenly, computing, that used to be an expert driven system, it was a personal system that we all owned as part of our daily lives -- that shift from mainframe to personal computing is what we have to do for healthcare. We have to shift from this mainframe mentality of healthcare to a personal model of healthcare. We are obsessed with this way of thinking. When Intel does surveys all around the world and we say, "Quick response: healthcare." The first word that comes up is "doctor." The second that comes up is "hospital." And the third is "illness" or "sickness." Right? We are wired, in our imagination, to think about healthcare and healthcare innovation as something that goes into that place. Our entire health reform discussion right now, health I.T., when we talk with policy makers, equals "How are we going to get doctors using electronic medical records in the mainframe?" We're not thinking about how do we shift from the mainframe to the home. And the problem with this is the way we conceive healthcare. Right? This is a very reactive, crisis-driven system. We're doing 15-minute exams with patients. It's population-based. We collect a bunch of biological information in this artificial setting, and we fix them up, like Humpty-Dumpty all over again, and send them home, and hope -- we might hand them a brochure, maybe an interactive website -- that they do as asked and don't come back into the mainframe. And the problem is we can't afford it today, folks. We can't afford mainframe healthcare today to include the uninsured. And now we want to do a double-double of the age wave coming through? Business as usual in healthcare is broken and we've got to do something different. We've got to focus on the home. We've got to focus on a personal healthcare paradigm that moves care to the home. How do we be more proactive, prevention-driven? How do we collect vital signs and other kinds of information 24 by 7? How do we get a personal baseline about what's going to work for you? How do we collect not just biological data but behavioral data, psychological data, relational data, in and on and around the home? And how do we drive compliance to be a customized care plan that uses all this great technology that's around us to change our behavior? That's what we need to do for our personal health model. I want to give you a couple of examples. This is Mimi from one of our studies -- in her 90s, had to move out of her home because her family was worried about falls. Raise your hand if you had a serious fall in your household, or any of your loved ones, your parents or so forth. Right? Classic. Hip fracture often leads to institutionalization of a senior. This is what was happening to Mimi; the family was worried about it, moved her out of her own home into an assisted living facility. She tripped over her oxygen tank. Many people in this generation won't press the button, even if they have an alert call system, because they don't want to bother anybody, even though they've been paying 30 dollars a month. Boomers will press the button. Trust me. They're going to be pressing that button non-stop. Right? Mimi broke her pelvis, lay all night, all morning, finally somebody came in and found her, sent her to the hospital. They fixed her back up. She was never going to be able to move back into the assisted living. They put her into the nursing home unit. First night in the nursing home unit where she had been in the same assisted living facility, moved her from one bed to another, kind of threw her, rebroke her pelvis, sent her back to the hospital that she had just come from, no one read the chart, put her on Tylenol, which she is allergic to, broke out, got bedsores, basically, had heart problems, and died from the fall and the complications and the errors that were there. Now, the most frightening thing about this is this is my wife's grandmother. Now, I'm Eric Dishman. I speak English, I work for Intel, I make a good salary, I'm smart about falls and fall-related injuries -- it's an area of research that I work on. I have access to senators and CEOs. I can't stop this from happening. What happens if you don't have money, you don't speak English or don't have the kind of access to deal with these kinds of problems that inevitably occur? How do we actually prevent the vast majority of falls from ever occurring in the first place? Let me give you a quick example of work that we're doing to try to do exactly that. I've been wearing a little technology that we call Shimmer. It's a research platform. It has accelerometry. You can plug in a three-lead ECG. There is all kinds of sort of plug-and-play kind of Legos that you can do to capture, in the wild, in the real world, things like tremor, gait, stride length and those kinds of things. The problem is, our understanding of falls today, like Mimi, is get a survey in the mail three months after you fell, from the State, saying, "What were you doing when you fell?" That's sort of the state of the art. But with something like Shimmer, or we have something called the Magic Carpet, embedded sensors in carpet, or camera-based systems that we borrowed from sports medicine, we're starting for the first time in those 600 elderly households to collect actual kinematic motion data to understand: What are the subtle changes that are occurring that can show us that mom has become risk at falls? And most often we can do two interventions, fix the meds mix. I'm a qualitative researcher, but when I look at these data streams coming in from these homes, I can look at the data and tell you the day that some doctor prescribed them something that nobody else knew that they were on, because we see the changes in their patterns in the household. Right? These discoveries of behavioral markers, and behavioral changes are game changing, and like the discovery of the microscope because of our collecting data streams that we've actually never done before. This is an example in our TRIL Clinic in Ireland of -- actually what you're seeing is she's looking at data, in this picture, from the Magic Carpet. So, we have a little carpet that you can look at your amount of postural sway, and look at the changes in your postural sway over many months. Here's what some of this data might look like. This is actually sensor firings. These are two different subjects in our study. It's about a year's worth of data. The color represents different rooms they are in the house. This person on the left is living in their own home. This person on the right is actually living in an assisted living facility. I know this because look at how punctuated meal time is when they are no longer in their particular rooms here. Right? Now, this doesn't mean that much to you. But when we look at these cycles of data over a longer period of time -- and we're looking at everything from motion around different rooms in the house, to sort of micro-motions that Shimmer picks up, about gait and stride length -- these streams of data are starting to tell us things about behavioral patterns that we've never understood before. You can go to ORCATech.org -- it has nothing to do with whales, it's the Oregon Center for Aging and Technology -- to see more about that. The problem is, Intel is still one of the largest funders in the world of independent living technology research. I'm not bragging about how much we fund; it's how little anyone else actually pays attention to aging and funds innovation on aging, chronic disease management and independent living in the home. So, my mantra here, my fourth slogan is: 10,000 households or bust. We need to drive a national, if not international, Framingham-type heart study of independent living technologies, where we have 10,000 elderly connected households with broadband, full medical characterization, and a platform by which we can start to experiment and turn these from 20-household anecdotal studies that the universities fund, to large clinical trials that prove out the value of these technologies. So, 10,000 households or bust. These are just some of the households that we've done in the Intel studies. My fifth and final phrase: I have tried for two years, and there were moments when we were quite close, to make this healthcare reform bill be about reform from something and to something, from a mainframe model to a personal health model, or to mean something more than just a debate about the public option and how we're going to finance. It doesn't matter how we finance healthcare. We're going to figure something out for the next 10 years, and try it. No matter who pays for it, we better start doing care in a fundamentally different way and treating the home and the patient and the family member and the caregivers as part of these coordinated care teams and using disruptive technologies that are already here to do care in some pretty fundamental different ways. The president needs to stand up and say, at the end of a healthcare reform debate, "Our goal as a country is to move 50 percent of care out of institutions, clinics, hospitals and nursing homes, to the home, in 10 years." It's achievable. We should do it economically, we should do it morally, and we should do it for quality of life. But there is no goal within this health reform. It's just a mess today. So, you know, that's my last message to you. How do we set a going-to-the-moon goal of dealing with the Y2K +10 problem that's coming? It's not that innovation and technology is going to be the magic pill that cures all, but it's going to be part of the solution. And if we don't create a personal health movement, something that we're all aiming towards in reform, then we're going to move nowhere. So, I hope you'll turn this conference into that kind of movement forward. Thanks very much. (Applause)

A lab the size of a postage stamp
The problem I want to talk with you about is really the problem of: How does one supply health care in a world in which cost is everything? How do you do that? And the basic paradigm we want to suggest to you, I want to suggest to you, is one in which you say that in order to treat disease, you have to first know what you're treating, that's diagnostics, and then you have to do something. The program we're involved in is something we call "Diagnostics for All," or "zero-cost diagnostics." How do you provide medically relevant information at as close as possible to zero cost? How do you do it? Let me just give you two examples. The rigors of military medicine are not so dissimilar from the third world: poor resources, a rigorous environment -- a series of problems -- light weight and things of this kind. And also they're not so different from the home health care and diagnostic system world. So, the technology I want to talk about is for the third world, for the developing world, but it has, I think, much broader application, because information is so important in the health care system. So you see two examples here. One is a lab that is actually a fairly high-end laboratory in Africa. The second is basically an entrepreneur who is set up and doing who-knows-what at a table in a market. I don't know what kind of health care is delivered there. But it's not really what is probably most efficient. What is our approach? The way in which one typically approaches a problem of lowering cost, starting from the perspective of the United States, is to take our solution, and then try to cut cost out of it. No matter how you do that, you're not going to start with a $100,000 instrument and bring it down to no cost. It isn't going to work. So the approach we took was the other way around, to ask: What is the cheapest possible stuff that you could make a diagnostic system out of, and get useful information and add function? And what we've chosen is paper. What you see here is a prototypic device. It's about a centimeter on the side. It's about the size of a fingernail. The lines around the edges are a polymer. It's made of paper. And paper, of course, wicks fluid, as you know, paper, cloth -- drop wine on the tablecloth, and the wine wicks all over everything. Put it on your shirt, it ruins the shirt. That's what a hydrophilic surface does. So in this device, the idea is that you drip the bottom end of it in a drop of, in this case, urine. The fluid wicks its way into those chambers at the top. The brown color indicates the amount of glucose in the urine, the blue color indicates the amount of protein in the urine. And the combination of those two is a first-order shot at a number of useful things that you want. So, this is an example of a device made from a simple piece of paper. Now, how simple can you make the production? Why do we choose paper? There's an example of the same thing on a finger, showing you basically what it looks like. One reason for using paper is that it's everywhere. We have made these kinds of devices using napkins and toilet paper and wraps, and all kinds of stuff. So the production capability is there. The second is, you can put lots and lots of tests in a very small place. I'll show you in a moment that the stack of paper there would probably hold something like 100,000 tests, something of that kind. And then finally, a point you don't think of so much in developed world medicine: it eliminates sharps. And what sharps means is needles, things that stick. If you've taken a sample of someone's blood and the someone might have hepatitis C, you don't want to make a mistake and stick it in you. You don't want to do that. So how do you dispose of that? It's a problem everywhere, and here, you simply burn it. So it's a sort of a practical approach to starting on things. Now, you say, "If paper is a good idea, other people have surely thought of it." And the answer is, of course, yes. Those half of you, roughly, who are women, at some point may have had a pregnancy test. And the most common of these is in a device that looks like the thing on the left. It's something called a lateral-flow immunoassay. In that particular test, urine, either containing a hormone called hCG, does or does not flow across a piece of paper. And there are two bars; one bar indicates that the test is working, and if the second bar shows up, you're pregnant. This is a terrific kind of test in a binary world, and the nice thing about pregnancy is either you are pregnant or you're not pregnant; you're not partially pregnant or thinking about being pregnant or something of that sort. So it works very well there, but it doesn't work very well when you need more quantitative information. There are also dipsticks, but if you look at the dipsticks, they're for another kind of urine analysis. There are an awful lot of colors and things like that. What do you actually do about that in a difficult circumstance? So the approach we started with is to ask: Is it really practical to make things of this sort? And that problem is now, in a purely engineering way, solved. And the procedure that we have is simply to start with paper. You run it through a new kind of printer called a wax printer. The wax printer does what looks like printing. It is printing. You put that on, you warm it a little bit, the wax prints through, so it absorbs into the paper, and you end up with the device you want. The printers cost 800 bucks now. We estimate that if you were to run them 24 hours a day, they'd make about 10 million tests a year. So it's a solved problem. That particular problem is solved. And there is an example of the kind of thing that you see. That's on a piece of 8 by 12 paper. That takes about two seconds to make. And so I regard that as done. There's a very important issue here, which is that because it's a printer, a color printer, it prints colors. That's what color printers do. I'll show you in a moment, that's actually quite useful. Now, the next question that you would like to ask is: What would you like to measure? What would you like to analyze? And the thing you'd most like to analyze, we're a fair distance from. It's what's called "fever of undiagnosed origin." Someone comes into the clinic, they have a fever, they feel bad. What do they have? Do they have TB? Do they have AIDS? Do they have a common cold? The triage problem. That's a hard problem for reasons I won't go through. There are an awful lot of things that you'd like to distinguish among. But then there are a series of things -- AIDS, hepatitis, malaria, TB, others -- and simpler ones, such as guidance of treatment. Now, even that's more complicated than you think. A friend of mine works in transcultural psychiatry, and he is interested in the question of why people do and don't take their meds. So Dapsone, or something like that, you have to take for a while. He has a wonderful story of talking to a villager in India and saying, "Have you taken your Dapsone?" "Yes." "Have you taken it every day?" "Yes." "Have you taken if for a month?" "Yes." What the guy actually meant was that he'd fed a 30-day dose of Dapsone to his dog that morning. (Laughter) And he was telling the truth, because in a different culture, the dog is a surrogate for you; "today," "this month," "since the rainy season" -- there are lots of opportunities for misunderstanding. (Laughter) And so an issue here is to, in some cases, figure out how to deal with matters that seem uninteresting, like compliance. Now, take a look at what a typical test looks like. Prick a finger, you get some blood -- about 50 microliters. That's about all you're going to get, because you can't use the usual sort of systems. You can't manipulate it very well; I'll show something about that in a moment. So you take the drop of blood, no further manipulations, you put it on a little device, the device filters out the blood cells, lets the serum go through, and you get a series of colors down in the bottom there. And the colors indicate "disease" or "normal." But even that's complicated, because to me, colors might indicate "normal," but after all, we're all suffering from probably an excess of education. What do you do about something which requires quantitative analysis? And so the solution that we and many other people are thinking about there, and at this point, there is a dramatic flourish, and out comes the universal solution to everything these days, which is a cell phone -- in this particular case, a camera phone. They're everywhere -- six billion a month in India. And the idea is that what one does is to take the device, you dip it, you develop the color, you take a picture, the picture goes to a central laboratory. You don't have to send out a doctor, you send out somebody who can just take the sample, and in the clinic either a doctor, or ideally, a computer in this case, does the analysis. Turns out to work actually quite well, particularly when your color printer has printed the color bars that indicate how things work. So my view of the health care worker of the future is not a doctor, but an 18-year-old, otherwise unemployed, who has two things: a backpack full of these tests and a lancet to occasionally take a blood sample, and an AK-47. And these are the things that get him through his day. (Laughter) There's another very interesting connection here, and that is, that what one wants to do is pass through useful information over what is generally a pretty awful telephone system. It turns out there's an enormous amount of information already available on that subject, which is the Mars Rover problem. How do you get back an accurate view of the color on Mars if you have a really terrible bandwidth to do it with? And the answer is not complicated, but it's one which I don't want to go through here, other than to say that the communication systems for doing this are really pretty well understood. Also, a fact which you may not know is that the compute capability of this thing is not so different from the compute capability of your desktop computer. This is a fantastic device which is only beginning to be tapped. I don't know whether the idea of one computer, one child makes any sense. Here's the computer of the future, because this screen is already there and they're ubiquitous. All right, let me show you just a little bit about advanced devices. And we'll start by posing a little problem. What you see here is another centimeter-sized device, and the different colors are different colors of dye. And you notice something which might strike you as a little bit interesting, which is, the yellow seems to disappear, get through the blue, and then get through the red. How does that happen? How do you make something flow through something? And, of course the answer is, "You don't." You make it flow under and over. But now the question is: How do you make it flow under and over in a piece of paper? The answer is that what you do -- and the details are not terribly important here -- is to make something more elaborate: You take several different layers of paper, each one containing its own little fluid system, and you separate them by pieces of, literally, double-sided carpet tape, the stuff you use to stick the carpets onto the floor. And the fluid will flow from one layer into the next. It distributes itself, flows through further holes, distributes itself. And what you see, at the lower right-hand side there, is a sample in which a single sample of blood has been put on the top, and it has gone through and distributed itself into these 16 holes on the bottom, in a piece of paper -- basically, it looks like a chip, two pieces of paper thick. And in this particular case, we were just interested in the replicability of that. But that is, in principle, the way you solve the "fever of unexplained origin" problem, because each one of those spots then becomes a test for a particular set of markers of disease, and this will work in due course. Here is an example of a slightly more complicated device. There's the chip. You dip in a corner. The fluid goes into the center. It distributes itself out into these various wells or holes and turns color, all done with paper and carpet tape. So it's, I think, as low-cost as we're likely to be able to come up and make things. Now, I have two last little stories to tell you in finishing off this business. This is one: One of the things you occasionally need to do is separate blood cells from serum. And the question was, here we do it by taking a sample, we put it in a centrifuge, we spin it, and you get blood cells out. Terrific. What happens if you don't have electricity, a centrifuge, and whatever? And we thought for a while of how you might do this, and the way, in fact, you do it, is what's shown here. You get an eggbeater, which is everywhere, and you saw off a blade, and then you take tubing, and you stick it on that. You put the blood in, somebody sits there and spins it. It works really, really well. And we sat down, we did the physics of eggbeaters and self-aligning tubes and all the rest of that kind of thing, and sent it off to a journal. We were very proud of this, particularly the title, which was "Eggbeater as Centrifuge." (Laughter) And we sent it off, and by return mail, it came back. I called up the editor and I said, "What's going on? How is this possible?" The editor said, with enormous disdain, "I read this. And we're not going to publish it, because we only publish science." (Laughter) And it's an important issue, because it means that we have to, as a society, think about what we value. And if it's just papers and Phys. Rev. letters, we've got a problem. Here is another example of something which is -- this is a little spectrophotometer. It measures the absorption of light in a sample. The neat thing about this is, you have a light source that flickers on and off at about 1,000 hertz, another light source that detects that light at 1,000 hertz, and so you can run this system in broad daylight. It performs about equivalently to a system that's on the order of 100,000 dollars. It costs 50 dollars. We can probably make it for 50 cents if we put our mind to it. Why doesn't somebody do it? The answer is: How do you make a profit in a capitalist system, doing that? Interesting problem. So, let me finish by saying that we've thought about this as a kind of engineering problem. And we've asked: What is the scientific unifying idea here? And we've decided we should think about this not so much in terms of cost, but in terms of simplicity. Simplicity is a neat word. You've got to think about what simplicity means. I know what it is, but I don't actually know what it means. So I actually was interested enough in this to put together several groups of people. The most recent involved a couple of people at MIT, one of them being an exceptionally bright kid who is one of the very few people I would think of who's an authentic genius. We all struggled for an entire day to think about simplicity. And I want to give you the answer of this deep scientific thought. [What is simplicity? "It's impossible to f..k it up"] (Laughter) So, in a sense, you get what you pay for. Thank you very much. (Applause)

The conscience of television
I want to say that really and truly, after these incredible speeches and ideas that are being spread, I am in the awkward position of being here to talk to you today about television. So most everyone watches TV. We like it. We like some parts of it. Here in America, people actually love TV. The average American watches TV for almost 5 hours a day. Okay? Now I happen to make my living these days in television, so for me, that's a good thing. But a lot of people don't love it so much. They, in fact, berate it. They call it stupid, and worse, believe me. My mother, growing up, she called it the "idiot box." But my idea today is not to debate whether there's such a thing as good TV or bad TV; my idea today is to tell you that I believe television has a conscience. So why I believe that television has a conscience is that I actually believe that television directly reflects the moral, political, social and emotional need states of our nation -- that television is how we actually disseminate our entire value system. So all these things are uniquely human, and they all add up to our idea of conscience. Now today, we're not talking about good and bad TV. We're talking about popular TV. We're talking about top-10 Nielsen-rated shows over the course of 50 years. How do these Nielsen ratings reflect not just what you've heard about, which is the idea of our social, collective unconscious, but how do these top-10 Nielsen-rated shows over 50 years reflect the idea of our social conscience? How does television evolve over time, and what does this say about our society? Now speaking of evolution, from basic biology, you probably remember that the animal kingdom, including humans, have four basic primal instincts. You have hunger; you have sex; you have power; and you have the urge for acquisitiveness. As humans, what's important to remember is that we've developed, we've evolved over time to temper, or tame, these basic animal instincts. We have the capacity to laugh and cry. We feel awe, we feel pity. That is separate and apart from the animal kingdom. The other thing about human beings is that we love to be entertained. We love to watch TV. This is something that clearly separates us from the animal kingdom. Animals might love to play, but they don't love to watch. So I had an ambition to discover what could be understood from this uniquely human relationship between television programs and the human conscious. Why has television entertainment evolved the way it has? I kind of think of it as this cartoon devil or angel sitting on our shoulders. Is television literally functioning as our conscience, tempting us and rewarding us at the same time? So to begin to answer these questions, we did a research study. We went back 50 years to the 1959/1960 television season. We surveyed the top-20 Nielsen shows every year for 50 years -- a thousand shows. We talked to over 3,000 individuals -- almost 3,600 -- aged 18 to 70, and we asked them how they felt emotionally. How did you feel watching every single one of these shows? Did you feel a sense of moral ambiguity? Did you feel outrage? Did you laugh? What did this mean for you? So to our global TED audiences, I want to say that this was a U.S. sample. But as you can see, these emotional need states are truly universal. And on a factual basis, over 80 percent of the U.S.'s most popular shows are exported around the world. So I really hope our global audiences can relate. Two acknowledgments before our first data slide: For inspiring me to even think about the idea of conscience and the tricks that conscience can play on us on a daily basis, I thank legendary rabbi, Jack Stern. And for the way in which I'm going to present the data, I want to thank TED community superstar Hans Rosling, who you may have just seen. Okay, here we go. So here you see, from 1960 to 2010, the 50 years of our study. Two things we're going to start with -- the inspiration state and the moral ambiguity state, which, for this purpose, we defined inspiration as television shows that uplift me, that make me feel much more positive about the world. Moral ambiguity are televisions shows in which I don't understand the difference between right and wrong. As we start, you see in 1960 inspiration is holding steady. That's what we're watching TV for. Moral ambiguity starts to climb. Right at the end of the 60s, moral ambiguity is going up, inspiration is kind of on the wane. Why? The Cuban Missile Crisis, JFK is shot, the Civil Rights movement, race riots, the Vietnam War, MLK is shot, Bobby Kennedy is shot, Watergate. Look what happens. In 1970, inspiration plummets. Moral ambiguity takes off. They cross, but Ronald Reagan, a telegenic president, is in office. It's trying to recover. But look, it can't: AIDS, Iran-Contra, the Challenger disaster, Chernobyl. Moral ambiguity becomes the dominant meme in television from 1990 for the next 20 years. Take a look at this. This chart is going to document a very similar trend. But in this case, we have comfort -- the bubble in red -- social commentary and irreverence in blue and green. Now this time on TV you have "Bonanza," don't forget, you have "Gunsmoke," you have "Andy Griffith," you have domestic shows all about comfort. This is rising. Comfort stays whole. Irreverence starts to rise. Social commentary is all of a sudden spiking up. You get to 1969, and look what happens. You have comfort, irreverence, and social commentary, not only battling it out in our society, but you literally have two establishment shows -- "Gunsmoke" and "Gomer Pyle" -- in 1969 are the number-two- and number-three-rated television shows. What's number one? The socially irreverent hippie show, "Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In." They're all living together, right. Viewers had responded dramatically. Look at this green spike in 1966 to a bellwether show. When you guys hear this industry term, a breakout hit, what does that mean? It means in the 1966 television season, The "Smothers Brothers" came out of nowhere. This was the first show that allowed viewers to say, "My God, I can comment on how I feel about the Vietnam War, about the presidency, through television?" That's what we mean by a breakout show. So then, just like the last chart, look what happens. In 1970, the dam bursts. The dam bursts. Comfort is no longer why we watch television. Social commentary and irreverence rise throughout the 70s. Now look at this. The 70s means who? Norman Lear. You have "All in the Family," "Sanford and Son," and the dominant show -- in the top-10 for the entire 70s -- "M&lt;i&gt;A&lt;/i&gt;S*H." In the entire 50 years of television that we studied, seven of 10 shows ranked most highly for irreverence appeared on air during the Vietnam War, five of the top-10 during the Nixon administration. Only one generation, 20 years in, and we discovered, Wow! TV can do that? It can make me feel this? It can change us? So to this very, very savvy crowd, I also want to note the digital folks did not invent disruptive. Archie Bunker was shoved out of his easy chair along with the rest of us 40 years ago. This is a quick chart. Here's another attribute: fantasy and imagination, which are shows defined as, "takes me out of my everyday realm" and "makes me feel better." That's mapped against the red dot, unemployment, which is a simple Bureau of Labor Department statistic. You'll see that every time fantasy and imagination shows rise, it maps to a spike in unemployment. Do we want to see shows about people saving money and being unemployed? No. In the 70s you have the bellwether show "The Bionic Woman" that rocketed into the top-10 in 1973, followed by the "Six Million-Dollar Man" and "Charlie's Angels." Another spike in the 1980s -- another spike in shows about control and power. What were those shows? Glamorous and rich. "Dallas," "Fantasy Island." Incredible mapping of our national psyche with some hard and fast facts: unemployment. So here you are, in my favorite chart, because this is our last 20 years. Whether or not you're in my business, you have surely heard or read of the decline of the thing called the three-camera sitcom and the rise of reality TV. Well, as we say in the business, X marks the spot. The 90s -- the big bubbles of humor -- we're watching "Friends," "Frasier," "Cheers" and "Seinfeld." Everything's good, low unemployment. But look: X marks the spot. In 2001, the September 2001 television season, humor succumbs to judgment once and for all. Why not? We had a 2000 presidential election decided by the Supreme Court. We had the bursting of the tech bubble. We had 9/11. Anthrax becomes part of the social lexicon. Look what happens when we keep going. At the turn of the century, the Internet takes off, reality television has taken hold. What do people want in their TV then? I would have thought revenge or nostalgia. Give me some comfort; my world is falling apart. No, they want judgment. I can vote you off the island. I can keep Sarah Palin's daughter dancing. I can choose the next American Idol. You're fired. That's all great, right? So as dramatically different as these television shows, pure entertainment, have been over the last 50 years -- what did I start with? -- one basic instinct remains. We're animals, we need our moms. There has not been a decade of television without a definitive, dominant TV mom. The 1950s: June Cleever in the original comfort show, "Leave it to Beaver." Lucille Ball kept us laughing through the rise of social consciousness in the 60s. Maude Findlay, the epitome of the irreverent 1970s, who tackled abortion, divorce, even menopause on TV. The 1980s, our first cougar was given to us in the form of Alexis Carrington. Murphy Brown took on a vice president when she took on the idea of single parenthood. This era's mom, Bree Van de Kamp. Now I don't know if this is the devil or the angel sitting on our conscience, sitting on television's shoulders, but I do know that I absolutely love this image. So to you all, the women of TEDWomen, the men of TEDWomen, the global audiences of TEDWomen, thank you for letting me present my idea about the conscience of television. But let me also thank the incredible creators who get up everyday to put their ideas on our television screens throughout all these ages of television. They give it life on television, for sure, but it's you as viewers, through your collective social consciences, that give it life, longevity, power or not. So thanks very much. (Applause)

Mother and daughter doctor-heroes
Hawa Abdi: Many people -- 20 years for Somalia -- [were] fighting. So there was no job, no food. Children, most of them, became very malnourished, like this. Deqo Mohamed: So as you know, always in a civil war, the ones affected most [are] the women and children. So our patients are women and children. And they are in our backyard. It's our home. We welcome them. That's the camp that we have in now 90,000 people, where 75 percent of them are women and children. Pat Mitchell: And this is your hospital. This is the inside. HA: We are doing C-sections and different operations because people need some help. There is no government to protect them. DM: Every morning we have about 400 patients, maybe more or less. But sometimes we are only five doctors and 16 nurses, and we are physically getting exhausted to see all of them. But we take the severe ones, and we reschedule the other ones the next day. It is very tough. And as you can see, it's the women who are carrying the children; it's the women who come into the hospitals; it's the women [are] building the houses. That's their house. And we have a school. This is our bright -- we opened [in the] last two years [an] elementary school where we have 850 children, and the majority are women and girls. (Applause) PM: And the doctors have some very big rules about who can get treated at the clinic. Would you explain the rules for admission? HA: The people who are coming to us, we are welcoming. We are sharing with them whatever we have. But there are only two rules. First rule: there is no clan distinguished and political division in Somali society. [Whomever] makes those things we throw out. The second: no man can beat his wife. If he beat, we will put [him] in jail, and we will call the eldest people. Until they identify this case, we'll never release him. That's our two rules. (Applause) The other thing that I have realized, that the woman is the most strong person all over the world. Because the last 20 years, the Somali woman has stood up. They were the leaders, and we are the leaders of our community and the hope of our future generations. We are not just the helpless and the victims of the civil war. We can reconcile. We can do everything. (Applause) DM: As my mother said, we are the future hope, and the men are only killing in Somalia. So we came up with these two rules. In a camp with 90,000 people, you have to come up with some rules or there is going to be some fights. So there is no clan division, and no man can beat his wife. And we have a little storage room where we converted a jail. So if you beat your wife, you're going to be there. (Applause) So empowering the women and giving the opportunity -- we are there for them. They are not alone for this. PM: You're running a medical clinic. It brought much, much needed medical care to people who wouldn't get it. You're also running a civil society. You've created your own rules, in which women and children are getting a different sense of security. Talk to me about your decision, Dr. Abdi, and your decision, Dr. Mohamed, to work together -- for you to become a doctor and to work with your mother in these circumstances. HA: My age -- because I was born in 1947 -- we were having, at that time, government, law and order. But one day, I went to the hospital -- my mother was sick -- and I saw the hospital, how they [were] treating the doctors, how they [are] committed to help the sick people. I admired them, and I decided to become a doctor. My mother died, unfortunately, when I was 12 years [old]. Then my father allowed me to proceed [with] my hope. My mother died in [a] gynecology complication, so I decided to become a gynecology specialist. That's why I became a doctor. So Dr. Deqo has to explain. DM: For me, my mother was preparing [me] when I was a child to become a doctor, but I really didn't want to. Maybe I should become an historian, or maybe a reporter. I loved it, but it didn't work. When the war broke out -- civil war -- I saw how my mother was helping and how she really needed the help, and how the care is essential to the woman to be a woman doctor in Somalia and help the women and children. And I thought, maybe I can be a reporter and doctor gynecologist. (Laughter) So I went to Russia, and my mother also, [during the] time of [the] Soviet Union. So some of our character, maybe we will come with a strong Soviet background of training. So that's how I decided [to do] the same. My sister was different. She's here. She's also a doctor. She graduated in Russia also. (Applause) And to go back and to work with our mother is just what we saw in the civil war -- when I was 16, and my sister was 11, when the civil war broke out. So it was the need and the people we saw in the early '90s -- that's what made us go back and work for them. PM: So what is the biggest challenge working, mother and daughter, in such dangerous and sometimes scary situations? HA: Yes, I was working in a tough situation, very dangerous. And when I saw the people who needed me, I was staying with them to help, because I [could] do something for them. Most people fled abroad. But I remained with those people, and I was trying to do something -- [any] little thing I [could] do. I succeeded in my place. Now my place is 90,000 people who are respecting each other, who are not fighting. But we try to stand on our feet, to do something, little things, we can for our people. And I'm thankful for my daughters. When they come to me, they help me to treat the people, to help. They do everything for them. They have done what I desire to do for them. PM: What's the best part of working with your mother, and the most challenging part for you? DM: She's very tough; it's most challenging. She always expects us to do more. And really when you think [you] cannot do it, she will push you, and I can do it. That's the best part. She shows us, trains us how to do and how to be better [people] and how to do long hours in surgery -- 300 patients per day, 10, 20 surgeries, and still you have to manage the camp -- that's how she trains us. It is not like beautiful offices here, 20 patients, you're tired. You see 300 patients, 20 surgeries and 90,000 people to manage. PM: But you do it for good reasons. (Applause) Wait. Wait. HA: Thank you. DM: Thank you. (Applause) HA: Thank you very much. DM: Thank you very much.


Robin Steinberg&apos;s quest to reform cash bail
Chris Anderson: Welcome to the TED Interview. I&apos;m Chris Anderson. This is the podcast series where I sit down with a TED speaker, and we get to dive much deeper into their ideas than was possible during their TED Talk. Today, it&apos;s an absolute delight to have with me Robin Steinberg. Robin&apos;s a public defense lawyer who is working to disrupt America&apos;s system of cash bail. And she is a force of nature. (Recording) Robin Steinberg: Look, we all know the shocking numbers. The United States incarcerates more people per capita than almost any nation on the planet. But what you may not know is that on any given night in America, almost half a million people go to sleep in those concrete jail cells, who have not been convicted of anything. These mothers and fathers and sons and daughters are there for one reason and one reason only: they cannot afford to pay the price of their freedom. CA: Robin is out to change this. She&apos;s being backed by an initiative from TED called the &quot;Audacious Project,&quot; which offers significant funding for truly bold ideas. Her idea is as bold as they get, and we&apos;re going to be talking about all of this in the next hour. I&apos;m telling you, once you have met Robin, you cannot get her out of your head. Robin, welcome. RS: Thank you. It&apos;s nice to be here. CA: Robin, I&apos;d love to start with your own story. How did you become a public defender, even? RS: So, I went to law school many, many years ago, thinking I wanted to be a women&apos;s rights litigator. I was committed to that idea. I got to law school, and I began to work in a women&apos;s prison and was so struck by the conditions of jail, why people were in jail, who was in jail -- all black and brown women from low-income communities here in New York. I&apos;d listen to their stories, which have stuck with me my whole career. They felt railroaded by the system. They felt like they didn&apos;t have advocates that cared. They had very low opinions of their public defenders, which got me interested in what was going on in the criminal justice system. So my third year in law school, I enrolled in a criminal defense clinic, and I began to represent people in Manhattan criminal court, and quite frankly, I think I stepped foot in that courtroom my very first day, and I never looked back. CA: Talk about holistic public defense. What does that mean? RS: I started my public defender career in a traditional public defender office in the Legal Aid Society of Nassau County, and then later, I transferred into the Legal Aid Society in New York City. And I loved the work; I loved everybody I was working with, I thought my colleagues were incredible, I thought the clients were inspiring in the face of all odds, and I loved representing people in courtrooms. But I also could always see the gaps in what we were doing. I saw the disconnect between the communities that clients came from and the people that were defending them. I saw the gaps in what kind of representation we were providing. When clients would sit across the table and I would be focusing on their criminal case, and they would continually ask me questions about their housing or about their kids or about something else that was on their mind, I realized that an arrest was never just an arrest, and that there were these other issues that were both driving people into the criminal legal system, but also a whole host of collateral consequences for that arrest, and that people were oftentimes concerned more about that than the actual criminal case in front of us. So I began to think there has to be more to this picture. CA: So effectively, you couldn&apos;t effectively defend them as a public defender without paying attention to some of these other issues. What did that actually look like? Did that mean that you would sort of go from legal work into social assistance of some kind? How did you actually do that? RS: So, I think really dedicated public defenders in any office, whether they&apos;re holistic or not holistic, try to do the extra work beyond the criminal case. So, of course, it meant focusing on the burden of proof and the evidence against the client on the criminal case and working out either a disposition or going to trial, but it also meant sometimes picking up the phone and calling the housing authority; picking up the phone and calling the child welfare worker that was knocking on my client&apos;s door, trying to take their kids from them because of their arrest; intervening in advocacy ways that are nontraditional and not in the lane of criminal defense in the way we think about it, but that are 100 percent connected to the criminal case. These systems all talk to each other, and if we as public defenders weren&apos;t actually providing advocacy and counsel in those other areas, the system was going to win. CA: And so one issue of particular concern to you became this issue of bail. Talk about that. When did you start noticing that there was a problem here? RS: The very first day you&apos;re a public defender, you recognize right away that bail is the driving force behind mass incarceration. And what I mean by that is, you stand next to a client in an arraignment, which is when the charges are read to them, a judge sets bail, and inevitably, because the majority of your clients are from low-income communities and obviously, disproportionately, people of color in a city like New York, they can&apos;t make the bail. And so you&apos;re standing in front of the judge with a client who has just said to you, &quot;I can&apos;t pay that 500 dollars&quot; or &quot;I can&apos;t pay that thousand dollars,&quot; and you, as the lawyer, are sort of saying, &quot;Well, you&apos;re going to have to stay in jail, then, until we work this case out, either go to trial or have a disposition.&quot; Inevitably, the judge would turn and say, &quot;Well, if the client wants to plead guilty now, I&apos;ll give her time served.&quot; And of course, anybody will plead guilty to anything if it means going home. If the only choice is going to Rikers Island and sitting in those horrific conditions, terrifying conditions, or pleading guilty to something and going home, people plead guilty. So you, as the public defender, stood there, almost as a cog in the system, watching as people pled guilty, one after the other, because they recognized they couldn&apos;t pay the cash bail, and they were going to be sitting in a jail cell for months if not years, before their case actually got to trial. CA: So help us a bit more with the time line here. Someone gets arrested for an offense. How long is between that moment and the arraignment? That&apos;s a short period of time, usually, right? RS: It depends on the jurisdiction. In New York City, if you get arrested, you will see a judge and be assigned a public defender and bail will be set within 24 hours. In Oklahoma, where we work, you don&apos;t see a judge or a public defender for eight to 10 days after the arrest, where the sheriff has set bail, cash bail, according to a bail schedule. So it varies from place to place. CA: I see. But in New York, for now, that 24 hours is spent not in jail, it&apos;s spent in a police cell. RS: Yeah. You go to central booking, which is literally the bowels of the courthouse. You are sitting in a single cell with probably eight to 12 people in that same cell with you, with one toilet in the middle. And you are waiting for 24 hours for somebody to call your name. CA: Still, the difference between that and the prospects of actually going to, say, Rikers Island -- that&apos;s a terrifying prospect. And that moment when a judge says, &quot;Bail is x,&quot; and you know you can&apos;t afford to pay it -- that turns out to be just this horrifying moment that can determine someone&apos;s future, and that was what you saw so clearly early on. RS: Absolutely, and I can tell you that the faces of people and their shock and terror as they got led back in through the door that was going to take them out to Rikers Island will be forever ingrained in my brain. CA: So talk about how this system is set up, because the logic behind it, from one point of view, makes a lot of sense: if you&apos;ve arrested someone, you think they may be guilty -- you think they are guilty -- of doing something, you want to be very sure they will come to court, so you need to give them an incentive to come. So the bail system makes sense from that point of view. When was it initiated, and how did it start to go wrong? RS: So, the bail system and the setting of cash bail has a very long history. Its purpose, actually, was to ensure that people came back to court. It was not meant to actually decide guilt or innocence or risk or not risk. It was literally meant to incentivize people to come back to court. That was its purpose. What that meant was, the judge was supposed to set bail in an amount that was just enough that somebody could afford to pay. And the theory was, well, if you have your money up, you&apos;re going to come back to court each and every time, because at the end of a case, your money comes back. If you don&apos;t come back to court, you&apos;ll lose your money. So for a very long time, everybody believed, myself included, that it was the putting up of cash bail that made the difference. That&apos;s what made people come back to court. And so bail was supposed to be set at an amount people could pay, giving them some skin in the game. CA: But when judges set bail, in practice, they just have a number in mind. They don&apos;t make any investigation into what a defendant&apos;s actual financial position is. RS: That&apos;s a hundred percent right. There is almost nowhere where there are individual findings of individual abilities to pay in a financial sense. In fact, you could argue, as I would, that if you&apos;re being represented by a public defender, the screening of that indigency has already happened by the public defender, and a judge ought to recognize at that moment that this person is low-income. CA: So a judge says, &quot;OK, 500 dollars bail,&quot; the person can&apos;t pay it, they go to jail, then. Talk about what happens next, because you&apos;ve seen this many times. In your talk you quoted horrifying stats on it. But tell us that part of the story. RS: So, you get sent to jail, and what happens in the jail is bad enough, right? You are likely to become the victim of violence or sexual victimization. Almost half of jail deaths happen in that first week that somebody&apos;s in jail. That&apos;s suicide and homicides. And so terrible things happen while you&apos;re in jail. The conditions are terrible. It has really, really negative impacts on your mental health, your physical health. But what also happens is your life on the outside begins to fall apart. You lose your job. You may lose your home and get evicted. Your children may actually get removed from your care, because child welfare may actually come in. Your immigration status may be jeopardized. You may actually lose your place in school if you miss enough time. So lots of life consequences happen while you&apos;re sitting in a jail cell. CA: OK, so you saw this happening, it was horrifying to you, and one night, you and your husband had an idea to do something about it. Talk about that. RS: We were venting, as we do often, about something that had just happened in court and how angry it made us, and almost always, that revolves around the client who pled guilty who you didn&apos;t want to plead guilty, because you could&apos;ve actually taken their case to trial, and they should have won, but they pled guilty, because they didn&apos;t have enough money, and how unfair that seemed, and the amounts of money, that for most people, 500 dollars or 1,000 dollars to a lot of people sounds like, &quot;Well, of course you can pay that bail money.&quot; But the truth is, our clients can&apos;t. And so we were sitting and having dinner, and David said to me, &quot;You know what we should do? Why don&apos;t we just create a bail fund and start bailing our clients out of jail?&quot; And we began to unpack it -- Could you do it? Is it ethical? It is legal? How would you do it? What would it look like? -- and then spent some time over the year after that, two years after that, really exploring: What would a potential bail fund look like? And we came up with the revolving bail fund model that we started in the Bronx, called the Bronx Freedom Fund. There had been bail funds before that, historically, that were political actions by various organizations. So during the civil rights movement, there would be a bail fund established to bail people out who were arrested at a demonstration, or there might be, actually even before that in the McCarthy era, there was actually a bail fund that was started to bail people out who were being questioned in terms of their loyalty to America and being arrested for treason and all sorts of other charges. But those were political actions that bailed people out, and it wasn&apos;t a sustainable, revolving fund, and then inevitably, they would close. They would stop after that political action was over. This was the first time we had thought about doing something that was revolving, that was sustainable. Because bail money comes back at the end of a case, it is a political act, of course, to bail somebody out of jail, but it isn&apos;t around a particular political action. It is simply a model that can be sustained almost forever, as long as people come back to court and the money comes back. CA: You actually probably didn&apos;t know that when you started this, because the assumption that many people would make is, if you bail someone out, they&apos;d have no skin in the game, they probably won&apos;t come back to court, they&apos;ll be out of there. RS: I&apos;d love to tell you that we were so smart that we could see the future, but we couldn&apos;t, and frankly, it could have gone a different way. There was a part of me that thought, well, maybe money does make people come back to court, I&apos;m not sure. We weren&apos;t sure people would come back; we didn&apos;t really know. So we began to use philanthropic dollars to provide bail assistance for people, and we were stunned to see the results. Ninety-six percent of our clients came back to court for each and every court appearance, even though they had no &quot;skin in the game.&quot; And we also then began to track: What was the downstream impact? We know that it saves jobs and saves families and keeps people&apos;s homes and roofs over their head. But we weren&apos;t sure what the downstream impact would be on people&apos;s criminal cases. And that&apos;s the other thing that was very surprising, was when people got out of jail, over half those cases got dismissed by the prosecution, and what that means is, they weren&apos;t sustainable at the beginning. That was interesting to learn. CA: Well, that was one of the most blood-chilling parts of your talk, was when you spoke about -- and in a way, this is obvious, but it certainly hadn&apos;t occurred to me, and I think most people don&apos;t get that this happens -- someone can&apos;t pay their bail, and the next step is that the prosecution basically says, &quot;Look, plead guilty and you&apos;re home.&quot; RS: Exactly. Or wait in a jail cell for months and years. CA: I mean, what&apos;s your sense of what percentage of people take the guilty plea when given that choice? RS: Oh, we know this in the data -- 90 percent will plead guilty. CA: And it&apos;s possible that half of those, or a percentage of those, are guilty. Do you have any --? RS: I have no idea what the percentages would be, and here&apos;s why we don&apos;t know: our system has turned from those beautiful marble courthouses that we built to try cases and test governmental evidence and determine whether somebody&apos;s guilty or innocent into plea bargaining factories. And what I mean by that is that far too many people that come through our criminal legal system wind up taking a plea bargain of some sort, usually because they need to go home. So our ability to test whether or not the arrest was valid or the evidence is there has disappeared, because we don&apos;t test and challenge anything anymore in the criminal legal system. We just process human beings through the system. CA: But certainly, that step, from, &quot;I can&apos;t afford bail, therefore I have to plead guilty. I get to go home, but by the way, my life just got ruined.&quot; I mean -- that sequence is horrifying. RS: You know, when people plead guilty, I think also, they -- you don&apos;t always know what the consequences will be long term. So you may plead guilty at the moment and think that&apos;s the best strategy, and then in five years, you apply for a job, and you find yourself rejected, because you have a criminal conviction on your record that never occurred to you was going to impact your future. CA: The key to getting 96 percent of people to show up in court having paid their bail for them -- you don&apos;t just pay the bail and then forget them, you stay in touch with them, you understand their case, you remind them of the court case and so forth. RS: Right. What we learned from the Bronx Freedom Fund is, effective notification systems and the ability to contact people, remind them about their court dates and problem-solve issues that might arise during the pendency of their cases is critical to getting high return rates. We have all sorts of creative ways to notify people of their court dates, just like we would get notified about a doctor&apos;s appointment. CA: And the percentage of people who you bailed out who end up being convicted, is what? RS: So, half the cases got dismissed. Fewer than two percent of the clients that we provided bail assistance for ever got convicted of a crime at all. So there were people that wound up being convicted of violations, which are less than criminal convictions, which will have far fewer consequences in the future. It was a staggering finding. CA: So this is an amazing difference, just the difference between paying bail or not. In one instance, 90 percent of people who are stuck in jail plead guilty, and in the other instance, only two percent of them end up -- RS: With a criminal conviction and going to jail. CA: So what do you say to someone who says, &quot;But, look: yes, there are a lot of people in jail. But 40 years ago, America had a terrible crime problem. High incarceration rates may have been part of the solution or at least part of the cause of the reduction in crime. You are in danger of releasing people who may then go on and commit another crime. We&apos;ve set up this system to try and process criminal cases, and you are disrupting it. This is dangerous. You are not helping. You are potentially empowering criminals.&quot; RS: So, there&apos;s no evidence that mass incarceration is what led to a reduction in crime in this country. In fact, the evidence is to the contrary. The evidence is, if you spend time in jail, you are far more likely to commit a crime when you eventually get out of jail than if you had never been in jail at all. That&apos;s what the data shows. Why crime goes up and down is a question that social scientists have been debating and arguing about for decades, and I suspect will always debate. But it is certainly not the result of mass incarceration that our crime rates went down. You see that, because as we begin to decarcerate, you don&apos;t see an uptick in crime. So you know that that&apos;s the truth. CA: But you mentioned that the system has become this mass system of plea-bargaining, and that&apos;s really the name of the game. It&apos;s not so much the jury trial, because it&apos;s impossible to scale the jury trial to the number of people who we&apos;re trying to move through the system. So, the fact that the system can&apos;t apply a trial process to anything like the number of people who are arrested, what is a better solution to that? Is it possible, for example, that some people are released, not because the prosecution thinks they&apos;re actually innocent after all, but just because they know that to develop the case would be too complex, they have to focus on only a small number of cases, so they just have to let people go? RS: The solution to that is really simple. We arrest far too many people in this country. We arrest disproportionately people from low-income communities and communities of color. We arrest people for things like possession of drugs for personal use. We arrest people for marijuana. We arrest people for graffiti. We are over-arresting and over-prosecuting. The answer really is at the front end of the system, to really ask ourselves as a nation why is our solution to social problems the criminal legal system? We have ceded all of those issues to the criminal legal system that can&apos;t handle it. But the answer isn&apos;t to figure out how to process people faster through the system, the answer is to figure out how not to put that many people in the system at the very beginning and to divert people away from the criminal legal system into other mechanisms of problem-solving. CA: So what other mechanisms might work to solve this problem? RS: Depending on what you&apos;re looking at, particularly if you&apos;re looking at drug offenses or some of the minor offenses that we&apos;re driving people into the system for, you could imagine a world that if you were to legalize the personal possession of drugs and drug use, you could see that problem as a public health problem and attempt to solve it in our public health arena and health systems. You could look at graffiti and vandalism and trespass and jumping turnstiles as either related to poverty or related to kids after school who need after-school programs and productive things to be doing when their schools are out, and investing in communities to provide those opportunities for young people so they don&apos;t wind up involved in the criminal legal system. There are lots of different ways to unpack what we see in the criminal legal system and to find problem-solving solutions that are community-based that actually fortify communities and enhance people, rather than do what the criminal system does, which is to debilitate them and to harm them and to then create barriers for a productive, happy, bright and wonderful future. CA: Is part of the problem here just the political decisions we make about how policing should be done? RS: A hundred percent. We decide who we police and what we police. Those decisions are political decisions that dominant culture has made. Let&apos;s just be honest about that. We could make different decisions about how to utilize policing. We could make different decisions about what policing even looks like. We could make a different political decision about what we define as crimes. What we do now is we police low-income communities of color and low-income communities across this country in ways that we don&apos;t police affluent people and the children of affluent people. That is a political decision that underlies almost everything you see in the criminal legal system. And even when we do prosecute people from affluent backgrounds, they wind up having access to resources that generally will prevent them from getting criminal convictions and from suffering the consequences of a criminal conviction, whether that&apos;s jail or subsequent collateral damage that happens from a criminal conviction. CA: Is that why policing is the way it is? It just feels much harder to prosecute, for example, financial crime. I know you believe that that is probably as prevalent as &quot;drug crime&quot; in low-income communities, but we don&apos;t prosecute it the same way. RS: I don&apos;t think we have the will, and I think if you look at drugs, you can see that very specifically. African Americans and Latinos and people of color in this country are shoveled into our criminal legal system for drug cases. You could decide to go to the Upper West Side of Manhattan and look at every family to determine who has prescription drugs in their medicine cabinet that they shouldn&apos;t be taking, or who is giving it to their children, or which parents are coming home at night and getting drunk and their children should be removed from them, the way that we remove low-income people&apos;s children from them when they get arrested on a drug offense. We make decisions about this that are based on race and class. That&apos;s the uncomfortable reality. I don&apos;t think it&apos;s a matter of, it&apos;s too hard to police. I think it&apos;s a matter of, we have made a willful decision not to police other communities the way that we do police communities of color and low-income communities. CA: And so, perhaps, I mean -- could you argue, Robin, that your intervention here, by bailing people out, will actually force the system to start taking this question seriously? Because if you&apos;re a prosecutor and you&apos;re suddenly losing your leverage, you suddenly can&apos;t get all these people to plead guilty just because they&apos;ve got the threat of jail hanging over them, that that will force people to look at these other policies, these other questions. RS: Well, that&apos;s our hope, certainly, is that we put some pressure on prosecutors and judges to rethink what&apos;s happening. I&apos;d love to think that we eventually put some pressure on police departments to rethink whether or not bringing people into the system at the beginning is a worthwhile endeavor at all, but certainly, others in the field, including Michelle Alexander, have argued that if every single person who came through the system demanded a trial, the system would crash in 24 hours. It simply can&apos;t handle it. The question is: What does that mean? Should we build more jails and courthouses? Of course not. It means that we need to really reevaluate as a nation why we over-rely on arresting people and who we&apos;re arresting, and we really need to reckon with that. CA: So you had these years of seeing this working in the Bronx, to the point where you became convinced that it was worth trying to roll out nationally. So tell us about that dream. Where are you on that journey? RS: So, we have opened up bail project sites across the country, and we are learning something new every single day. We&apos;re learning how systems operate. We&apos;re learning about the unique characteristics of local jurisdictions. It&apos;s been incredibly eye-opening even for somebody like me, who&apos;s been in the system for decades, to see the way the system is operating outside of even New York City. CA: Give us an example of the system in action and perhaps an individual who you&apos;ve worked with and where you&apos;ve been able to intervene. RS: So, two days ago we bailed out a young man in Detroit. We just opened up our site there, and he&apos;d never been arrested before. He&apos;d never been in the criminal legal system. A judge set 500 dollars bail, and his family could not scrape together 500 dollars, and our bail disruptor on the ground interviewed him and his family and paid bail for this young man. What we hope is that that&apos;s going to lead ultimately to him not having to have a criminal conviction at all, and that his future will be bright. Certainly, getting him back into the community and back into school and back with his family was critical, and so it was one of those moments where you thought, &quot;This really matters to people&apos;s lives.&quot; It really matters to families and communities. And of course, it will matter in terms of what happens to that criminal case, but more importantly, it mattered for him, for this young man. CA: Talk a bit about the bail bond industry, because that&apos;s been a different type of response to the same problem, in a way. Why isn&apos;t that working as a solution? RS: So, the bail bond industry is a multibillion-dollar private industry that, in some ways, just built a business off the backs of a cash bail system that leads people to desperation. CA: But, I mean, if they&apos;re coming along and offering people an immediate bailout, even though they&apos;re charging interest, isn&apos;t that still something of a solution? Why isn&apos;t that a solution? RS: It&apos;s not a solution, because the families and the people that are in jail cells in this country are overwhelmingly, almost exclusively, living on the edges of poverty and from low-income communities. And so, for families to have to scrape together money to even pay a bail bondsman and then to pay interest on top of that just pushes that family further to the margins of society, and that debt sometimes becomes actually hard to get out from under forever. CA: So the underlying problem is that if a $1,000 bail can&apos;t be paid today, it quite possibly can&apos;t be paid in six months&apos; or a year&apos;s time, especially when you add on the high interest rates that the industry charges. And so, far from solving the problem, it&apos;s just driving families into a deeper spiral of debt. RS: Debt and desperation, for sure. If cash bail is going to exist, it should be set at an amount that people can pay, and if that were to happen, then the bail bond industry wouldn&apos;t be necessary anymore. CA: Do some of your colleagues who see the problem and agree that it&apos;s a profound injustice nonetheless worry that this approach to doing it risks actually prolonging the current system, that it&apos;s a Band-Aid on the problem, which, therefore, delays the pressure for fundamental systemic reform? RS: I have heard that argument before, and I have always said to people that accuse a bail fund of being a Band-Aid that Band-Aids were invented for very good reasons. They stop bleeding, they stop infection, and sometimes, they actually stop somebody from getting so ill that they die. And so if we&apos;re a Band-Aid, we&apos;ll own that. I think it&apos;s shortsighted, and here&apos;s why: I think that the data we&apos;re able to collect, the stories that we&apos;re able to tell, the impacts we&apos;re able to show, will actually forward bail reform and ignite bail reform and systemic reform, not impede it. We&apos;ve been operating our fund here in New York City, and there&apos;s two other funds in New York City now, and reform keeps marching forward, and oftentimes, that reform uses what we&apos;re learning in the bail fund community to actually forward their reform efforts, and so I think it&apos;s actually a critical tool in the fight to end unaffordable cash bail. CA: And what would reform look like? RS: Reform would mean that nobody would ever be in a jail cell because they don&apos;t have enough money in their bank account to pay bail. Whether or not you eradicate cash bail altogether, or cash bail gets set at an amount that is affordable is an open debate, but certainly, it looks like nobody should be in a jail cell simply because they cannot afford to buy their presumption of innocence and get out. That&apos;s intolerable and unconscionable and immoral and unnecessary, and that&apos;s what reform really looks like at the end. CA: I mean, it seems like, in the 21st century, that there&apos;s a thousand technological ways where you could keep track of someone if you had to and ensure that if they didn&apos;t show up, then at least you knew where they were. RS: So, here&apos;s the thing about the bail funds. The bail funds are a proof of concept that if you release somebody with no conditions, they will come back to court 96 percent of the time. I don&apos;t know how much better people feel like it has to be than that. We don&apos;t need surveillance, and we don&apos;t need ankle monitors, and we don&apos;t need supervision, and I worry, and I know all of us at the Bail Project worry, about what comes next. Let&apos;s assume we do away with unaffordable cash bail forever. What comes next is the critical next question. We do not want to recreate private industry coming into the field and now surveilling and monitoring and supervising low-income communities of color and low-income communities across this country. We will reinvent the same oppressive systems, and it&apos;s really important for us to keep that in mind, because if I know anything from my decades in the criminal system, it&apos;s this: systems will reinvent themselves if you do not stay vigilant and you do not get ahead of it. You will do away with one injustice, and it will reappear somewhere else. And so when we think about the future, we think about a future without surveillance, because the proof of concept is, people will come back to court 96 percent of the time if you use somebody else&apos;s money to bail them out. You don&apos;t need other systems of surveillance. CA: Someone might say that that four percent, though, those are the dangerous cases. RS: That&apos;s why we have police on the street. And this is not a no-risk proposition. We need to be willing to own that risk and take that risk and recognize that risk isn&apos;t on one side of the ledger. So we talk about a lot about the risk of getting somebody out of jail, that they might commit a crime, which almost never happens. But we never talk about the risk that we know does happen -- it&apos;s not risk, it&apos;s fact -- to thousands and millions of people who are held in jail cells under violent, horrible, inhumane conditions, whose lives then fall apart. The risk to them and their families and communities is undeniable, and there&apos;s plenty of data to support that risk. And so when we talk about risk, you can&apos;t just talk about it on one side. It&apos;s as if low-income communities and communities of color aren&apos;t part of public safety conversations. The system as it exists and jail cells and our cash bail system has deep, awful, devastating impacts on public safety for low-income people and people of color in this country who are ensnared in the system. CA: So your hope is that, as this bail disruption happens in multiple areas around the country, that you will spark a rethinking among people, that, &quot;Wait a sec -- this really is unjust.&quot; I&apos;m really struck by the possibility that that itself may force change. No? RS: So, people tend to understand, even people who have not been impacted by the system, that whether or not you stay in a jail cell shouldn&apos;t be determined by the size of your bank account. That seems to be something that most people can relate to. I think the other problem is, a lot of people in this country don&apos;t understand that when bail gets set, somebody hasn&apos;t yet been convicted, and that the presumption of innocence is supposed to be very much alive and well and that that&apos;s not a legal technicality. That&apos;s a fundamental right that should belong to everybody in this country. CA: But haven&apos;t some people argued that cash bail is actually in violation of the Constitution? Am I -- is this wrong? Doesn&apos;t the Eighth Amendment say, &quot;Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.&quot; If someone can&apos;t afford bail, then it&apos;s excessive, no? RS: It&apos;s excessive. Right. Exactly. Which is why the answer is, there never should be unaffordable cash bail set on anybody if cash bail continues to be a reality. So bail ought to look like eight dollars for somebody in one community, 120 dollars for somebody in another community, and maybe a million dollars for somebody else who comes through the system who has financial resources to pay that bail, if we&apos;re going to keep cash bail at all. CA: But given that that&apos;s in the Constitution, isn&apos;t there an opportunity to do something federally if someone wanted to support that as an interpretation of that language? RS: I mean, there are fantastic litigators out there doing amazing litigation and strategies around the potential legal answers to this. I will say that there are limits to that; I think the litigators themselves would say this. There are limits to that. You can change the law, and it doesn&apos;t mean that what&apos;s happening on the ground changes one iota, sometimes. And we see lots of examples of that in this country. You certainly see it in the criminal system, where you could argue it&apos;s already illegal to do what they&apos;re doing with the bail system, but it continues to go on. CA: Robin, talk to me a bit about just change-making more generally. I mean, it seems to me that there are people like you in all sorts of unexpected areas of life, people who basically want to define themselves not by traditional measures of success, if you like, but by the impact, by the contribution they can make in some form. That&apos;s often a lonely journey. It&apos;s often an exhausting journey. What&apos;s been your experience? How have you found the personal motivation to keep going through the hard times? RS: So, I would love to tell you that it&apos;s something very much motivated by anything, but I have to be honest, I think the thing that motivates me the most is anger and fury at what I see. Injustice makes my blood boil, and it makes my blood boil in every realm. So I happen to be in the criminal legal system, but honestly, I could operate in lots of other systems and see injustice that would make my blood boil as well. And so, the question I think each of us have to ask ourselves is: When you see something, what do you do? Are you the person that sees something and walks away and continues on with your life? Or are you the person who stops and slows down and says, &quot;I have to own this. I&apos;m complicit in this. If I don&apos;t speak up, and I don&apos;t fight back, and I don&apos;t dedicate myself to making change, I am complicit in the system that I have no interest in being associated with. And not only am I complicit in it, it probably was designed to privilege people like me, who are white people with privilege and status.&quot; And so, we all have to really grapple with our own ownership about the systems that have been created and not be complicit anymore. And that may mean that you write a check, and that may mean that you do the work day in and day out. That may mean that you work in a policy organization, but you don&apos;t want to do the on-the-ground day in and day out work. There are lots of ways for people to contribute. I don&apos;t think everybody is built to do the day in and day out work. I totally get that and appreciate that. But everybody can support change in their own way. CA: Bryan Stevenson talks a lot about immersion as a first step, and it sounds like you would resonate with that. I mean, you went to visit people in jails. You were there. You were with them. And what you saw almost then gave you no choice. Your blood started to boil. You were in it, you were going to fight for it, and you didn&apos;t need extra motivation, is what I&apos;m hearing. RS: That&apos;s absolutely true. And Bryan also talks about proximity, and basically says, you know, get proximate to the problem, because when you do, you can&apos;t help but want to change it. And I think I&apos;ve seen that with funders that have been supporting the Bail Project who weren&apos;t necessarily even in the arena of funding criminal justice reform, who we take out to the boat, which is the floating jail that sits in the East River here in New York City. And people are stunned and shocked, and cannot believe that, in their name, this is what justice and our criminal legal system looks like. So if you&apos;re not impacted by the system, it&apos;s hard to believe what&apos;s happening is happening. But when you get proximate, when you immerse yourself in it, you can&apos;t have any other conclusion other than it needs to change, and whatever that means for you about how you&apos;re going to facilitate change, you just need to do it. CA: Well, perhaps this is how so much of the world&apos;s problems stay intractable. It&apos;s not because -- like, most people don&apos;t intentionally do evil things, but perhaps a lot of us navigate our lives by basically steering away. Whether intentionally or not, we just steer away from the stuff that&apos;s likely to make us deeply uncomfortable. We kind of don&apos;t want to know. I&apos;m 61 years old, and I did not understand the depth of the injustice of the cash bail system until I met you. That&apos;s shocking to me. Like, I&apos;m an educated adult, and when you actually hear the details, it is so outrageous, it makes my blood boil. I guess that&apos;s the start point. If you want to make change in the world, I guess get ready to make yourself uncomfortable, but in that discomfort, you will find your motivation. RS: You&apos;ll find your motivation. You may even find your meaning. You&apos;re certainly going to find colleagues and comrades and people fighting with you, who will be your friends forever, and you will get more from those experiences, and you&apos;ll work with people that come from communities different than yourself and learn from that experience and open up your life and your heart and your world in ways that you can&apos;t possibly imagine but in ways that will only enhance you. There&apos;s no question about that. CA: Robin Steinberg, you are an absolute force of nature, and I have to say, it&apos;s been a delight to get to know you, to understand this project and to work with you a bit on it. Thank you, and thank you for this conversation now. RS: Thank you. I couldn&apos;t be more grateful for your support. CA: Thank you, Robin. (Music) This week&apos;s show was produced by Sharon Mashihi. Our associate producer is Kim Nederveen Pieterse. Special thanks to Helen Walters. Our show is mixed by David Herman, and our theme music is by Allison Leyton-Brown. In our next episode, I speak with Mellody Hobson, and we have what, to me, was an extraordinarily illuminating conversation about race. She argues that we need to stop being color-blind and start being color-brave. (Recording) Mellody Hobson: Not seeing race is not working. It&apos;s just not working for our society. So those people who are holding on to that as a badge of honor, I want them to stop. I want them to actually purposefully see race. CA: That&apos;s next week on the TED Interview. Before I go, I would just love to say something quickly about why we&apos;re actually doing this. Now, not everyone knows it, but TED is actually a nonprofit organization with a simple mission: to spread ideas that matter. Normally, we do that through short TED Talks, and this podcast series is an experiment at taking the extra time to go much deeper. So we&apos;d love to know whether it&apos;s working for you. Do you like it? If so, we&apos;d love you to share it with your friends, and also to rate and review it on Apple Podcasts or wherever you&apos;re listening. I read every single review and love knowing what you think. So thank you for listening, and thanks for helping spread ideas.
Embrace your inner girl
Namaste. Good morning. I&apos;m very happy to be here in India. And I&apos;ve been thinking a lot about what I have learned over these last particularly 11 years with V-Day and &quot;The Vagina Monologues,&quot; traveling the world, essentially meeting with women and girls across the planet to stop violence against women. What I want to talk about today is this particular cell, or grouping of cells, that is in each and every one of us. And I want to call it the girl cell. And it&apos;s in men as well as in women. I want you to imagine that this particular grouping of cells is central to the evolution of our species and the continuation of the human race. And I want you imagine that at some point in history a group of powerful people invested in owning and controlling the world understood that the suppression of this particular cell, the oppression of these cells, the reinterpretation of these cells, the undermining of these cells, getting us to believe in the weakness of these cells and the crushing, eradicating, destroying, reducing these cells, basically began the process of killing off the girl cell, which was, by the way, patriarchy. I want you to imagine that the girl is a chip in the huge macrocosm of collective consciousness. And it is essential to balance, to wisdom and to actually the future of all of us. And then I want you to imagine that this girl cell is compassion, and it&apos;s empathy, and it&apos;s passion itself, and it&apos;s vulnerability, and it&apos;s openness, and it&apos;s intensity, and it&apos;s association, and it&apos;s relationship, and it is intuitive. And then let&apos;s think how compassion informs wisdom, and that vulnerability is our greatest strength, and that emotions have inherent logic, which lead to radical, appropriate, saving action. And then let&apos;s remember that we&apos;ve been taught the exact opposite by the powers that be, that compassion clouds your thinking, that it gets in the way, that vulnerability is weakness, that emotions are not to be trusted, and you&apos;re not supposed to take things personally, which is one of my favorites. I think the whole world has essentially been brought up not to be a girl. How do we bring up boys? What does it mean to be a boy? To be a boy really means not to be a girl. To be a man means not to be a girl. To be a woman means not to be a girl. To be strong means not to be a girl. To be a leader means not to be a girl. I actually think that being a girl is so powerful that we&apos;ve had to train everyone not to be that. (Laughter) And I&apos;d also like to say that the irony of course, is that denying girl, suppressing girl, suppressing emotion, refusing feeling has lead thus here. Where we have now come to live in a world where the most extreme forms of violence, the most horrific poverty, genocide, mass rapes, the destruction of the Earth, is completely out of control. And because we have suppressed our girl cells and suppressed our girl-ship, we do not feel what is going on. So, we are not being charged with the adequate response to what is happening. I want to talk a little bit about the Democratic Republic of Congo. For me, it was the turning point of my life. I have spent a lot of time there in the last three years. I feel up to that point I had seen a lot in the world, a lot of violence. I essentially lived in the rape mines of the world for the last 12 years. But the Democratic Republic of Congo really was the turning point in my soul. I went and I spent time in a place called Bukavu in a hospital called the Panzi Hospital, with a doctor who was as close to a saint as any person I&apos;ve ever met. His name is Dr. Denis Mukwege. In the Congo, for those of you who don&apos;t know, there has been a war raging for the last 12 years, a war that has killed nearly six million people. It is estimated that somewhere between 300,000 and 500,000 women have been raped there. When I spent my first weeks at Panzi hospital I sat with women who sat and lined up every day to tell me their stories. Their stories were so horrific, and so mind-blowing and so on the other side of human existence, that to be perfectly honest with you, I was shattered. And I will tell you that what happened is through that shattering, listening to the stories of eight-year-old girls who had their insides eviscerated, who had guns and bayonets and things shoved inside them so they had holes, literally, inside them where their pee and poop came out of them. Listening to the story of 80-year-old women who were tied to chains and circled, and where groups of men would come and rape them periodically, all in the name of economic exploitation to steal the minerals so the West can have it and profit from them. My mind was so shattered. But what happened for me is that that shattering actually emboldened me in a way I have never been emboldened. That shattering, that opening of my girl cell, that kind of massive breakthrough of my heart allowed me to become more courageous, and braver, and actually more clever than I had been in the past in my life. I want to say that I think the powers that be know that empire-building is actually -- that feelings get in the way of empire-building. Feelings get in the way of the mass acquisition of the Earth, and excavating the Earth, and destroying things. I remember, for example, when my father, who was very, very violent, used to beat me. And he would actually say, while he was beating me, &quot;Don&apos;t you cry. Don&apos;t you dare cry.&quot; Because my crying somehow exposed his brutality to him. And even in the moment he didn&apos;t want to be reminded of what he was doing. I know that we have systematically annihilated the girl cell. And I want to say we&apos;ve annihilated it in men as well as in women. And I think in some ways we&apos;ve been much harsher to men in the annihilation of their girl cell. (Applause) I see how boys have been brought up, and I see this across the planet: to be tough, to be hardened, to distance themselves from their tenderness, to not cry. I actually realized once in Kosovo, when I watched a man break down, that bullets are actually hardened tears, that when we don&apos;t allow men to have their girl self and have their vulnerability, and have their compassion, and have their hearts, that they become hardened and hurtful and violent. And I think we have taught men to be secure when they are insecure, to pretend they know things when they don&apos;t know things, or why would we be where we are? To pretend they&apos;re not a mess when they are a mess. And I will tell you a very funny story. On my way here on the airplane, I was walking up and down the aisle of the plane. And all these men, literally at least 10 men, were in their little seats watching chick flicks. And they were all alone, and I thought, &quot;This is the secret life of men.&quot; (Laughter) I&apos;ve traveled, as I said, to many, many countries, and I&apos;ve seen, if we do what we do to the girl inside us then obviously it&apos;s horrific to think what we do to girls in the world. And we heard from Sunitha yesterday, and Kavita about what we do to girls. But I just want to say that I&apos;ve met girls with knife wounds and cigarette burns, who are literally being treated like ashtrays. I&apos;ve seen girls be treated like garbage cans. I&apos;ve seen girls who were beaten by their mothers and brothers and fathers and uncles. I&apos;ve seen girls starving themselves to death in America in institutions to look like some idealized version of themselves. I&apos;ve seen that we cut girls and we control them and we keep them illiterate, or we make them feel bad about being too smart. We silence them. We make them feel guilty for being smart. We get them to behave, to tone it down, not to be too intense. We sell them, we kill them as embryos, we enslave them, we rape them. We are so accustomed to robbing girls of the subject of being the subjects of their lives that we have now actually objectified them and turned them into commodities. The selling of girls is rampant across the planet. And in many places they are worth less than goats and cows. But I also want to talk about the fact that if one in eight people on the planet are girls between the ages of 10 to 24, they are they key, really, in the developing world, as well as in the whole world, to the future of humanity. And if girls are in trouble because they face systematic disadvantages that keep them where society wants them to be, including lack of access to healthcare, education, healthy foods, labor force participation. The burden of all the household tasks usually falls on girls and younger siblings, which ensures that they will never overcome these barriers. The state of girls, the condition of girls, will, in my belief -- and that&apos;s the girl inside us and the girl in the world -- determine whether the species survives. And what I want to suggest is that, having talked to girls, because I just finished a new book called &quot;I Am an Emotional Creature: The Secret Life of Girls Around the World,&quot; I&apos;ve been talking to girls for five years, and one of the things that I&apos;ve seen is true everywhere is that the verb that&apos;s been enforced on girl is the verb &quot;to please.&quot; Girls are trained to please. I want to change the verb. I want us all to change the verb. I want the verb to be &quot;educate,&quot; or &quot;activate,&quot; or &quot;engage,&quot; or &quot;confront,&quot; or &quot;defy,&quot; or &quot;create.&quot; If we teach girls to change the verb we will actually enforce the girl inside us and the girl inside them. And I have to now share a few stories of girls I&apos;ve seen across the planet who have engaged their girl, who have taken on their girl in spite of all the circumstances around them. I know a 14-year-old girl in the Netherlands, for example, who is demanding that she take a boat and go around the entire world by herself. There is a teenage girl who just recently went out and knew that she needed 56 stars tattooed on the right side of her face. There is a girl, Julia Butterfly Hill, who lived for a year in a tree because she wanted to protect the wild oaks. There is a girl who I met 14 years ago in Afghanistan who I have adopted as my daughter because her mother was killed. Her mother was a revolutionary. And this girl, when she was 17 years old, wore a burqa in Afghanistan, and went into the stadiums and documented the atrocities that were going on towards women, underneath her burqa, with a video. And that video became the video that went out all over the world after 9/11 to show what was going on in Afghanistan. I want to talk about Rachel Corrie who was in her teens when she stood in front of an Israeli tank to say, &quot;End the occupation.&quot; And she knew she risked death and she was literally gunned down and rolled over by that tank. And I want to talk about a girl that I just met recently in Bukavu, who was impregnated by her rapist. And she was holding her baby. And I asked her if she loved her baby. And she looked into her baby&apos;s eyes and she said, &quot;Of course I love my baby. How could I not love my baby? It&apos;s my baby and it&apos;s full of love.&quot; The capacity for girls to overcome situations and to move on levels, to me, is mind-blowing. There is a girl named Dorcas, and I just met her in Kenya. Dorcas is 15 years old, and she was trained in self-defense. A few months ago she was picked up on the street by three older men. They kidnapped her, they put her in a car. And through her self-defense, she grabbed their Adam&apos;s apples, she punched them in the eyes and she got herself free and out of the car. In Kenya, in August, I went to visit one of the V-Day safe houses for girls, a house we opened seven years ago with an amazing woman named Agnes Pareyio. Agnes was a woman who was cut when she was a little girl, she was female genitally mutilated. And she made a decision as many women do across this planet, that what was done to her would not be enforced and done to other women and girls. So, for years Agnes walked through the Rift valley. She taught girls what a healthy vagina looked like, and what a mutilated vagina looked like. And in that time she saved many girls. And when we met her we asked her what we could do for her, and she said, &quot;Well, if you got me a Jeep I could get around a lot faster.&quot; So, we got her a Jeep. And then she saved 4,500 girls. And then we asked her, &quot;Okay, what else do you need?&quot; And she said, &quot;Well, now, I need a house.&quot; So, seven years ago Agnes built the first V-Day safe house in Narok, Kenya, in the Masai land. And it was a house where girls could run away, they could save their clitoris, they wouldn&apos;t be cut, they could go to school. And in the years that Agnes has had the house, she has changed the situation there. She has literally become deputy mayor. She&apos;s changed the rules. The whole community has bought in to what she&apos;s doing. When we were there she was doing a ritual where she reconciles girls, who have run away, with their families. And there was a young girl named Jaclyn. Jaclyn was 14 years old and she was in her Masai family and there&apos;s a drought in Kenya. So cows are dying, and cows are the most valued possession. And Jaclyn overheard her father talking to an old man about how he was about to sell her for the cows. And she knew that meant she would be cut. She knew that meant she wouldn&apos;t go to school. She knew that meant she wouldn&apos;t have a future. She knew she would have to marry that old man, and she was 14. So, one afternoon, she&apos;d heard about the safe house, Jaclyn left her father&apos;s house and she walked for two days, two days through Masai land. She slept with the hyenas. She hid at night. She imagined her father killing her on one hand, and Mama Agnes greeting her, with the hope that she would greet her when she got to the house. And when she got to the house she was greeted. Agnes took her in, and Agnes loved her, and Agnes supported her for the year. She went to school and she found her voice, and she found her identity, and she found her heart. Then, her time was ready when she had to go back to talk to her father about the reconciliation, after a year. I had the privilege of being in the hut when she was reunited with her father and reconciled. In that hut, we walked in, and her father and his four wives were sitting there, and her sisters who had just returned because they had all fled when she had fled, and her primary mother, who had been beaten in standing up for her with the elders. When her father saw her and saw who she had become, in her full girl self, he threw his arms around her and broke down crying. He said, &quot;You are beautiful. You have grown into a gorgeous woman. We will not cut you. And I give you my word, here and now, that we will not cut your sisters either.&quot; And what she said to him was, &quot;You were willing to sell me for four cows, and a calf and some blankets. But I promise you, now that I will be educated I will always take care of you, and I will come back and I will build you a house. And I will be in your corner for the rest of your life.&quot; For me, that is the power of girls. And that is the power of transformation. I want to close today with a new piece from my book. And I want to do it tonight for the girl in everybody here. And I want to do it for Sunitha. And I want to do it for the girls that Sunitha talked about yesterday, the girls who survive, the girls who can become somebody else. But I really want to do it for each and every person here, to value the girl in us, to value the part that cries, to value the part that&apos;s emotional, to value the part that&apos;s vulnerable, to understand that&apos;s where the future lies. This is called &quot;I&apos;m An Emotional Creature.&quot; And it happened because I met a girl in Watts, L.A. I was asking girls if they like being a girl, and all the girls were like, &quot;No, I hate it. I can&apos;t stand it. It&apos;s all bad. My brothers get everything.&quot; And this girl just sat up and went, &quot;I love being a girl. I&apos;m an emotional creature!&quot; (Laughter) This is for her: I love being a girl. I can feel what you&apos;re feeling as you&apos;re feeling inside the feeling before. I am an emotional creature. Things do not come to me as intellectual theories or hard-pressed ideas. They pulse through my organs and legs and burn up my ears. Oh, I know when your girlfriend&apos;s really pissed off, even though she appears to give you what you want. I know when a storm is coming. I can feel the invisible stirrings in the air. I can tell you he won&apos;t call back. It&apos;s a vibe I share. I am an emotional creature. I love that I do not take things lightly. Everything is intense to me, the way I walk in the street, the way my momma wakes me up, the way it&apos;s unbearable when I lose, the way I hear bad news. I am an emotional creature. I am connected to everything and everyone. I was born like that. Don&apos;t you say all negative that it&apos;s only only a teenage thing, or it&apos;s only because I&apos;m a girl. These feelings make me better. They make me present. They make me ready. They make me strong. I am an emotional creature. There is a particular way of knowing. It&apos;s like the older women somehow forgot. I rejoice that it&apos;s still in my body. Oh, I know when the coconut&apos;s about to fall. I know we have pushed the Earth too far. I know my father isn&apos;t coming back, and that no one&apos;s prepared for the fire. I know that lipstick means more than show, and boys are super insecure, and so-called terrorists are made, not born. I know that one kiss could take away all my decision-making ability. (Laughter) And you know what? Sometimes it should. This is not extreme. It&apos;s a girl thing, what we would all be if the big door inside us flew open. Don&apos;t tell me not to cry, to calm it down, not to be so extreme, to be reasonable. I am an emotional creature. It&apos;s how the earth got made, how the wind continues to pollinate. You don&apos;t tell the Atlantic Ocean to behave. I am an emotional creature. Why would you want to shut me down or turn me off? I am your remaining memory. I can take you back. Nothing&apos;s been diluted. Nothing&apos;s leaked out. I love, hear me, I love that I can feel the feelings inside you, even if they stop my life, even if they break my heart, even if they take me off track, they make me responsible. I am an emotional, I am an emotional, incondotional, devotional creature. And I love, hear me, I love, love, love being a girl. Can you say it with me? I love, I love, love, love being a girl! Thank you very much. (Applause)
Our century&apos;s greatest injustice
The global challenge that I want to talk to you about today rarely makes the front pages. It, however, is enormous in both scale and importance. Look, you all are very well traveled; this is TEDGlobal after all. But I do hope to take you to some places you&apos;ve never been to before. So, let&apos;s start off in China. This photo was taken two weeks ago. Actually, one indication is that little boy on my husband&apos;s shoulders has just graduated from high school. (Laughter) But this is Tiananmen Square. Many of you have been there. It&apos;s not the real China. Let me take you to the real China. This is in the Dabian Mountains in the remote part of Hubei province in central China. Dai Manju is 13 years old at the time the story starts. She lives with her parents, her two brothers and her great-aunt. They have a hut that has no electricity, no running water, no wristwatch, no bicycle. And they share this great splendor with a very large pig. Dai Manju was in sixth grade when her parents said, &quot;We&apos;re going to pull you out of school because the 13-dollar school fees are too much for us. You&apos;re going to be spending the rest of your life in the rice paddies. Why would we waste this money on you?&quot; This is what happens to girls in remote areas. Turns out that Dai Manju was the best pupil in her grade. She still made the two-hour trek to the schoolhouse and tried to catch every little bit of information that seeped out of the doors. We wrote about her in The New York Times. We got a flood of donations -- mostly 13-dollar checks because New York Times readers are very generous in tiny amounts (Laughter) but then, we got a money transfer for $10,000 -- really nice guy. We turned the money over to that man there, the principal of the school. He was delighted. He thought, &quot;Oh, I can renovate the school. I can give scholarships to all the girls, you know, if they work hard and stay in school. So Dai Manju basically finished out middle school. She went to high school. She went to vocational school for accounting. She scouted for jobs down in Guangdong province in the south. She found a job, she scouted for jobs for her classmates and her friends. She sent money back to her family. They built a new house, this time with running water, electricity, a bicycle, no pig. What we saw was a natural experiment. It is rare to get an exogenous investment in girls&apos; education. And over the years, as we followed Dai Manju, we were able to see that she was able to move out of a vicious cycle and into a virtuous cycle. She not only changed her own dynamic, she changed her household, she changed her family, her village. The village became a real standout. Of course, most of China was flourishing at the time, but they were able to get a road built to link them up to the rest of China. And that brings me to my first major of two tenets of &quot;Half the Sky.&quot; And that is that the central moral challenge of this century is gender inequity. In the 19th century, it was slavery. In the 20th century, it was totalitarianism. The cause of our time is the brutality that so many people face around the world because of their gender. So some of you may be thinking, &quot;Gosh, that&apos;s hyperbole. She&apos;s exaggerating.&quot; Well, let me ask you this question. How many of you think there are more males or more females in the world? Let me take a poll. How many of you think there are more males in the world? Hands up, please. How many of you think -- a few -- how many of you there are more females in the world? Okay, most of you. Well, you know this latter group, you&apos;re wrong. There are, true enough, in Europe and the West, when women and men have equal access to food and health care, there are more women, we live longer. But in most of the rest of the world, that&apos;s not the case. In fact, demographers have shown that there are anywhere between 60 million and 100 million missing females in the current population. And, you know, it happens for several reasons. For instance, in the last half-century, more girls were discriminated to death than all the people killed on all the battlefields in the 20th century. Sometimes it&apos;s also because of the sonogram. Girls get aborted before they&apos;re even born when there are scarce resources. This girl here, for instance, is in a feeding center in Ethiopia. The entire center was filled with girls like her. What&apos;s remarkable is that her brothers, in the same family, were totally fine. In India, in the first year of life, from zero to one, boy and girl babies basically survive at the same rate because they depend upon the breast, and the breast shows no son preference. From one to five, girls die at a 50 percent higher mortality rate than boys, in all of India. The second tenet of &quot;Half the Sky&quot; is that, let&apos;s put aside the morality of all the right and wrong of it all, and just on a purely practical level, we think that one of the best ways to fight poverty and to fight terrorism is to educate girls and to bring women into the formal labor force. Poverty, for instance. There are three reasons why this is the case. For one, overpopulation is one of the persistent causes of poverty. And you know, when you educate a boy, his family tends to have fewer kids, but only slightly. When you educate a girl, she tends to have significantly fewer kids. The second reason is it has to do with spending. It&apos;s kind of like the dirty, little secret of poverty, which is that, not only do poor people take in very little income, but also, the income that they take in, they don&apos;t spend it very wisely, and unfortunately, most of that spending is done by men. So research has shown, if you look at people who live under two dollars a day -- one metric of poverty -- two percent of that take-home pay goes to this basket here, in education. 20 percent goes to a basket that is a combination of alcohol, tobacco, sugary drinks -- and prostitution and festivals. If you just take four percentage points and put it into this basket, you would have a transformative effect. The last reason has to do with women being part of the solution, not the problem. You need to use scarce resources. It&apos;s a waste of resources if you don&apos;t use someone like Dai Manju. Bill Gates put it very well when he was traveling through Saudi Arabia. He was speaking to an audience much like yourselves. However, two-thirds of the way there was a barrier. On this side was men, and then the barrier, and this side was women. And someone from this side of the room got up and said, &quot;Mr. Gates, we have here as our goal in Saudi Arabia to be one of the top 10 countries when it comes to technology. Do you think we&apos;ll make it?&quot; So Bill Gates, as he was staring out at the audience, he said, &quot;If you&apos;re not fully utilizing half the resources in your country, there is no way you will get anywhere near the top 10.&quot; So here is Bill of Arabia. (Laughter) So what would some of the specific challenges look like? I would say, on the top of the agenda is sex trafficking. And I&apos;ll just say two things about this. The slavery at the peak of the slave trade in the 1780s: there were about 80,000 slaves transported from Africa to the New World. Now, modern slavery: according to State Department rough statistics, there are about 800,000 -- 10 times the number -- that are trafficked across international borders. And that does not even include those that are trafficked within country borders, which is a substantial portion. And if you look at another factor, another contrast, a slave back then is worth about $40,000 in today&apos;s money. Today, you can buy a girl trafficked for a few hundred dollars, which means she&apos;s actually more disposable. But you know, there is progress being made in places like Cambodia and Thailand. We don&apos;t have to expect a world where girls are bought and sold or killed. The second item on the agenda is maternal mortality. You know, childbirth in this part of the world is a wonderful event. In Niger, one in seven women can expect to die during childbirth. Around the world, one woman dies every minute and a half from childbirth. You know, it&apos;s not as though we don&apos;t have the technological solution, but these women have three strikes against them: they are poor, they are rural and they are female. You know, for every woman who does die, there are 20 who survive but end up with an injury. And the most devastating injury is obstetric fistula. It&apos;s a tearing during obstructed labor that leaves a woman incontinent. Let me tell you about Mahabuba. She lives in Ethiopia. She was married against her will at age 13. She got pregnant, ran to the bush to have the baby, but you know, her body was very immature, and she ended up having obstructed labor. The baby died, and she ended up with a fistula. So that meant she was incontinent; she couldn&apos;t control her wastes. In a word, she stank. The villagers thought she was cursed; they didn&apos;t know what to do with her. So finally, they put her at the edge of the village in a hut. They ripped off the door so that the hyenas would get her at night. That night, there was a stick in the hut. She fought off the hyenas with that stick. And the next morning, she knew if she could get to a nearby village where there was a foreign missionary, she would be saved. Because she had some damage to her nerves, she crawled all the way -- 30 miles -- to that doorstep, half dead. The foreign missionary opened the door, knew exactly what had happened, took her to a nearby fistula hospital in Addis Ababa, and she was repaired with a 350-dollar operation. The doctors and nurses there noticed that she was not only a survivor, she was really clever, and they made her a nurse. So now, Mahabuba, she is saving the lives of hundreds, thousands, of women. She has become part of the solution, not the problem. She&apos;s moved out of a vicious cycle and into a virtuous cycle. I&apos;ve talked about some of the challenges, let me talk about some of the solutions, and there are predictable solutions. I&apos;ve hinted at them: education and also economic opportunity. So of course, when you educate a girl, she tends to get married later on in life, she tends to have kids later on in life, she tends to have fewer kids, and those kids that she does have, she educates them in a more enlightened fashion. With economic opportunity, it can be transformative. Let me tell you about Saima. She lives in a small village outside Lahore, Pakistan. And at the time, she was miserable. She was beaten every single day by her husband, who was unemployed. He was kind of a gambler type -- and unemployable, therefore -- and took his frustrations out on her. Well, when she had her second daughter, her mother in-law told her son, &quot;I think you&apos;d better get a second wife. Saima&apos;s not going to produce you a son.&quot; This is when she had her second daughter. At the time, there was a microlending group in the village that gave her a 65-dollar loan. Saima took that money, and she started an embroidery business. The merchants liked her embroidery; it sold very well, and they kept asking for more. And when she couldn&apos;t produce enough, she hired other women in the village. Pretty soon she had 30 women in the village working for her embroidery business. And then, when she had to transport all of the embroidery goods from the village to the marketplace, she needed someone to help her do the transport, so she hired her husband. So now they&apos;re in it together. He does the transportation and distribution, and she does the production and sourcing. And now they have a third daughter, and the daughters, all of them, are being tutored in education because Saima knows what&apos;s really important. Which brings me to the final element, which is education. Larry Summers, when he was chief economist at the World Bank, once said that, &quot;It may well be that the highest return on investment in the developing world is in girls&apos; education.&quot; Let me tell you about Beatrice Biira. Beatrice was living in Uganda near the Congo border, and like Dai Manju, she didn&apos;t go to school. Actually, she had never been to school, not to a lick, one day. Her parents, again, said, &quot;Why should we spend the money on her? She&apos;s going to spend most of her life lugging water back and forth.&quot; Well, it just so happens, at that time, there was a group in Connecticut called the Niantic Community Church Group in Connecticut. They made a donation to an organization based in Arkansas called Heifer International. Heifer sent two goats to Africa. One of them ended up with Beatrice&apos;s parents, and that goat had twins. The twins started producing milk. They sold the milk for cash. The cash started accumulating, and pretty soon the parents said, &quot;You know, we&apos;ve got enough money. Let&apos;s send Beatrice to school.&quot; So at nine years of age, Beatrice started in first grade -- after all, she&apos;d never been to a lick of school -- with a six year-old. No matter, she was just delighted to be in school. She rocketed to the top of her class. She stayed at the top of her class through elementary school, middle school, and then in high school, she scored brilliantly on the national examinations so that she became the first person in her village, ever, to come to the United States on scholarship. Two years ago, she graduated from Connecticut College. On the day of her graduation, she said, &quot;I am the luckiest girl alive because of a goat.&quot; (Laughter) And that goat was $120. So you see how transformative little bits of help can be. But I want to give you a reality check. Look: U.S. aid, helping people is not easy, and there have been books that have criticized U.S. aid. There&apos;s Bill Easterly&apos;s book. There&apos;s a book called &quot;Dead Aid.&quot; You know, the criticism is fair; it isn&apos;t easy. You know, people say how half of all water well projects, a year later, are failed. When I was in Zimbabwe, we were touring a place with the village chief -- he wanted to raise money for a secondary school -- and there was some construction a few yards away, and I said, &quot;What&apos;s that?&quot; He sort of mumbled. Turns out that it&apos;s a failed irrigation project. A few yards away was a failed chicken coop. One year, all the chickens died, and no one wanted to put the chickens in there. It&apos;s true, but we think that you don&apos;t through the baby out with the bathwater; you actually improve. You learn from your mistakes, and you continuously improve. We also think that individuals can make a difference, and they should, because individuals, together, we can all help create a movement. And a movement of men and women is what&apos;s needed to bring about social change, change that will address this great moral challenge. So then, I ask, what&apos;s in it for you? You&apos;re probably asking that. Why should you care? I will just leave you with two things. One is that research shows that once you have all of your material needs taken care of -- which most of us, all of us, here in this room do -- research shows that there are very few things in life that can actually elevate your level of happiness. One of those things is contributing to a cause larger than yourself. And the second thing, it&apos;s an anecdote that I&apos;ll leave you with. And that is the story of an aid worker in Darfur. Here was a woman who had worked in Darfur, seeing things that no human being should see. Throughout her time there, she was strong, she was steadfast. She never broke down. And then she came back to the United States and was on break, Christmas break. She was in her grandmother&apos;s backyard, and she saw something that made her break down in tears. What that was was a bird feeder. And she realized that she had the great fortune to be born in a country where we take security for granted, where we not only can feed, clothe and house ourselves, but also provide for wild birds so they don&apos;t go hungry in the winter. And she realized that with that great fortune comes great responsibility. And so, like her, you, me, we have all won the lottery of life. And so the question becomes: how do we discharge that responsibility? So, here&apos;s the cause. Join the movement. Feel happier and help save the world. Thank you very much. (Applause)

Why we love, why we cheat
I&apos;d like to talk today about the two biggest social trends in the coming century, and perhaps in the next 10,000 years. But I want to start with my work on romantic love, because that&apos;s my most recent work. What I and my colleagues did was put 32 people, who were madly in love, into a functional MRI brain scanner. 17 who were madly in love and their love was accepted; and 15 who were madly in love and they had just been dumped. And so I want to tell you about that first, and then go on into where I think love is going. (Laughter) &quot;What &apos;tis to love?&quot; Shakespeare said. I think our ancestors -- I think human beings have been wondering about this question since they sat around their campfires or lay and watched the stars a million years ago. I started out by trying to figure out what romantic love was by looking at the last 45 years of the psychological research and as it turns out, there&apos;s a very specific group of things that happen when you fall in love. The first thing that happens is, a person begins to take on what I call, &quot;special meaning.&quot; As a truck driver once said to me, &quot;The world had a new center, and that center was Mary Anne.&quot; George Bernard Shaw said it differently. &quot;Love consists of overestimating the differences between one woman and another.&quot; And indeed, that&apos;s what we do. (Laughter) And then you just focus on this person. You can list what you don&apos;t like about them, but then you sweep that aside and focus on what you do. As Chaucer said, &quot;Love is blind.&quot; In trying to understand romantic love, I decided I would read poetry from all over the world, and I just want to give you one very short poem from eighth-century China, because it&apos;s an almost perfect example of a man who is focused totally on a particular woman. It&apos;s a little bit like when you are madly in love with somebody and you walk into a parking lot -- their car is different from every other car in the parking lot. Their wine glass at dinner is different from every other wine glass at the dinner party. And in this case, a man got hooked on a bamboo sleeping mat. And it goes like this. It&apos;s by a guy called Yuan Zhen. &quot;I cannot bear to put away the bamboo sleeping mat. The night I brought you home, I watched you roll it out.&quot; He became hooked on a sleeping mat, probably because of elevated activity of dopamine in his brain, just like with you and me. But anyway, not only does this person take on special meaning, you focus your attention on them. You aggrandize them. But you have intense energy. As one Polynesian said, &quot;I felt like jumping in the sky.&quot; You&apos;re up all night. You&apos;re walking till dawn. You feel intense elation when things are going well; mood swings into horrible despair when things are going poorly. Real dependence on this person. As one businessman in New York said to me, &quot;Anything she liked, I liked.&quot; Simple. Romantic love is very simple. You become extremely sexually possessive. You know, if you&apos;re just sleeping with somebody casually, you don&apos;t really care if they&apos;re sleeping with somebody else. But the moment you fall in love, you become extremely sexually possessive of them. I think there&apos;s a Darwinian purpose to this. The whole point of this is to pull two people together strongly enough to begin to rear babies as a team. But the main characteristics of romantic love are craving: an intense craving to be with a particular person, not just sexually, but emotionally. It would be nice to go to bed with them, but you want them to call you on the telephone, to invite you out, etc., to tell you that they love you. The other main characteristic is motivation. The motor in the brain begins to crank, and you want this person. And last but not least, it is an obsession. Before I put these people in the MRI machine, I would ask them all kinds of questions. But my most important question was always the same. It was: &quot;What percentage of the day and night do you think about this person?&quot; And indeed, they would say, &quot;All day. All night. I can never stop thinking about him or her.&quot; And then, the very last question -- I would always have to work myself up to this question, because I&apos;m not a psychologist. I don&apos;t work with people in any kind of traumatic situation. My final question was always the same. I would say, &quot;Would you die for him or her?&quot; And, indeed, these people would say &quot;Yes!&quot; as if I had asked them to pass the salt. I was just staggered by it. So we scanned their brains, looking at a photograph of their sweetheart and looking at a neutral photograph, with a distraction task in between. So we could look at the same brain when it was in that heightened state and when it was in a resting state. And we found activity in a lot of brain regions. In fact, one of the most important was a brain region that becomes active when you feel the rush of cocaine. And indeed, that&apos;s exactly what happens. I began to realize that romantic love is not an emotion. In fact, I had always thought it was a series of emotions, from very high to very low. But actually, it&apos;s a drive. It comes from the motor of the mind, the wanting part of the mind, the craving part of the mind. The kind of part of the mind when you&apos;re reaching for that piece of chocolate, when you want to win that promotion at work. The motor of the brain. It&apos;s a drive. And in fact, I think it&apos;s more powerful than the sex drive. You know, if you ask somebody to go to bed with you, and they say, &quot;No, thank you,&quot; you certainly don&apos;t kill yourself or slip into a clinical depression. But certainly, around the world, people who are rejected in love will kill for it. People live for love. They kill for love. They die for love. They have songs, poems, novels, sculptures, paintings, myths, legends. In over 175 societies, people have left their evidence of this powerful brain system. I have come to think it&apos;s one of the most powerful brain systems on Earth for both great joy and great sorrow. And I&apos;ve also come to think that it&apos;s one of three basically different brain systems that evolved from mating and reproduction. One is the sex drive: the craving for sexual gratification. W.H. Auden called it an &quot;intolerable neural itch,&quot; and indeed, that&apos;s what it is. It keeps bothering you a little bit, like being hungry. The second of these three brain systems is romantic love: that elation, obsession of early love. And the third brain system is attachment: that sense of calm and security you can feel for a long-term partner. And I think that the sex drive evolved to get you out there, looking for a whole range of partners. You can feel it when you&apos;re just driving along in your car. It can be focused on nobody. I think romantic love evolved to enable you to focus your mating energy on just one individual at a time, thereby conserving mating time and energy. And I think that attachment, the third brain system, evolved to enable you to tolerate this human being at least long enough to raise a child together as a team. So with that preamble, I want to go into discussing the two most profound social trends. One of the last 10,000 years and the other, certainly of the last 25 years, that are going to have an impact on these three different brain systems: lust, romantic love and deep attachment to a partner. The first is women working, moving into the workforce. I&apos;ve looked at 130 societies through the demographic yearbooks of the United Nations. Everywhere in the world, 129 out of 130 of them, women are not only moving into the job market -- sometimes very, very slowly, but they are moving into the job market -- and they are very slowly closing that gap between men and women in terms of economic power, health and education. It&apos;s very slow. For every trend on this planet, there&apos;s a counter-trend. We all know of them, but nevertheless -- the Arabs say, &quot;The dogs may bark, but the caravan moves on.&quot; And, indeed, that caravan is moving on. Women are moving back into the job market. And I say back into the job market, because this is not new. For millions of years, on the grasslands of Africa, women commuted to work to gather their vegetables. They came home with 60 to 80 percent of the evening meal. The double income family was the standard. And women were regarded as just as economically, socially and sexually powerful as men. In short, we&apos;re really moving forward to the past. Then, women&apos;s worst invention was the plow. With the beginning of plow agriculture, men&apos;s roles became extremely powerful. Women lost their ancient jobs as collectors, but then with the industrial revolution and the post-industrial revolution they&apos;re moving back into the job market. In short, they are acquiring the status that they had a million years ago, 10,000 years ago, 100,000 years ago. We are seeing now one of the most remarkable traditions in the history of the human animal. And it&apos;s going to have an impact. I generally give a whole lecture on the impact of women on the business community. I&apos;ll say just a couple of things, and then go on to sex and love. There&apos;s a lot of gender differences; anybody who thinks men and women are alike simply never had a boy and a girl child. I don&apos;t know why they want to think that men and women are alike. There&apos;s much we have in common, but there&apos;s a whole lot that we do not have in common. We are -- in the words of Ted Hughes, &quot;I think that we are like two feet. We need each other to get ahead.&quot; But we did not evolve to have the same brain. And we&apos;re finding more and more gender differences in the brain. I&apos;ll only just use a couple and then move on to sex and love. One of them is women&apos;s verbal ability. Women can talk. Women&apos;s ability to find the right word rapidly, basic articulation goes up in the middle of the menstrual cycle, when estrogen levels peak. But even at menstruation, they&apos;re better than the average man. Women can talk. They&apos;ve been doing it for a million years; words were women&apos;s tools. They held that baby in front of their face, cajoling it, reprimanding it, educating it with words. And, indeed, they&apos;re becoming a very powerful force. Even in places like India and Japan, where women are not moving rapidly into the regular job market, they&apos;re moving into journalism. And I think that the television is like the global campfire. We sit around it and it shapes our minds. Almost always, when I&apos;m on TV, the producer who calls me, who negotiates what we&apos;re going to say, is a woman. In fact, Solzhenitsyn once said, &quot;To have a great writer is to have another government.&quot; Today 54 percent of people who are writers in America are women. It&apos;s one of many, many characteristics that women have that they will bring into the job market. They&apos;ve got incredible people skills, negotiating skills. They&apos;re highly imaginative. We now know the brain circuitry of imagination, of long-term planning. They tend to be web thinkers. Because the female parts of the brain are better connected, they tend to collect more pieces of data when they think, put them into more complex patterns, see more options and outcomes. They tend to be contextual, holistic thinkers, what I call web thinkers. Men tend to -- and these are averages -- tend to get rid of what they regard as extraneous, focus on what they do, and move in a more step-by-step thinking pattern. They&apos;re both perfectly good ways of thinking. We need both of them to get ahead. In fact, there&apos;s many more male geniuses in the world. And there&apos;s also many more male idiots in the world. (Laughter) When the male brain works well, it works extremely well. And what I really think that we&apos;re doing is, we&apos;re moving towards a collaborative society, a society in which the talents of both men and women are becoming understood and valued and employed. But in fact, women moving into the job market is having a huge impact on sex and romance and family life. Foremost, women are starting to express their sexuality. I&apos;m always astonished when people come to me and say, &quot;Why is it that men are so adulterous?&quot; &quot;Why do you think more men are adulterous than women?&quot; &quot;Well, men are more adulterous!&quot; And I say, &quot;Who do you think these men are sleeping with?&quot; (Laughter) And -- basic math! Anyway. In the Western world, women start sooner at sex, have more partners, express less remorse for the partners that they do, marry later, have fewer children, leave bad marriages in order to get good ones. We are seeing the rise of female sexual expression. And, indeed, once again we&apos;re moving forward to the kind of sexual expression that we probably saw on the grasslands of Africa a million years ago, because this is the kind of sexual expression that we see in hunting and gathering societies today. We&apos;re also returning to an ancient form of marriage equality. They&apos;re now saying that the 21st century is going to be the century of what they call the &quot;symmetrical marriage,&quot; or the &quot;pure marriage,&quot; or the &quot;companionate marriage.&quot; This is a marriage between equals, moving forward to a pattern that is highly compatible with the ancient human spirit. We&apos;re also seeing a rise of romantic love. 91 percent of American women and 86 percent of American men would not marry somebody who had every single quality they were looking for in a partner, if they were not in love with that person. People around the world, in a study of 37 societies, want to be in love with the person that they marry. Indeed, arranged marriages are on their way off this braid of human life. I even think that marriages might even become more stable because of the second great world trend. The first one being women moving into the job market, the second one being the aging world population. They&apos;re now saying that in America, that middle age should be regarded as up to age 85. Because in that highest age category of 76 to 85, as much as 40 percent of people have nothing really wrong with them. So we&apos;re seeing there&apos;s a real extension of middle age. For one of my books, I looked at divorce data in 58 societies. And as it turns out, the older you get, the less likely you are to divorce. So the divorce rate right now is stable in America, and it&apos;s actually beginning to decline. It may decline some more. I would even say that with Viagra, estrogen replacement, hip replacements and the incredibly interesting women -- women have never been as interesting as they are now. Not at any time on this planet have women been so educated, so interesting, so capable. And so I honestly think that if there really was ever a time in human evolution when we have the opportunity to make good marriages, that time is now. However, there&apos;s always kinds of complications in this. These three brain systems -- lust, romantic love and attachment -- don&apos;t always go together. They can go together, by the way. That&apos;s why casual sex isn&apos;t so casual. With orgasm you get a spike of dopamine. Dopamine&apos;s associated with romantic love, and you can just fall in love with somebody who you&apos;re just having casual sex with. With orgasm, then you get a real rush of oxytocin and vasopressin -- those are associated with attachment. This is why you can feel such a sense of cosmic union with somebody after you&apos;ve made love to them. But these three brain systems: lust, romantic love and attachment, aren&apos;t always connected to each other. You can feel deep attachment to a long-term partner while you feel intense romantic love for somebody else, while you feel the sex drive for people unrelated to these other partners. In short, we&apos;re capable of loving more than one person at a time. In fact, you can lie in bed at night and swing from deep feelings of attachment for one person to deep feelings of romantic love for somebody else. It&apos;s as if there&apos;s a committee meeting going on in your head as you are trying to decide what to do. So I don&apos;t think, honestly, we&apos;re an animal that was built to be happy; we are an animal that was built to reproduce. I think the happiness we find, we make. And I think, however, we can make good relationships with each other. So I want to conclude with two things. I want to conclude with a worry, and with a wonderful story. The worry is about antidepressants. Over 100 million prescriptions of antidepressants are written every year in the United States. And these drugs are going generic. They are seeping around the world. I know one girl who&apos;s been on these antidepressants, SSRIs, serotonin-enhancing antidepressants -- since she was 13. She&apos;s 23. She&apos;s been on them ever since she was 13. I&apos;ve got nothing against people who take them short term, when they&apos;re going through something horrible. They want to commit suicide or kill somebody else. I would recommend it. But more and more people in the United States are taking them long term. And indeed, what these drugs do is raise levels of serotonin. And by raising levels of serotonin, you suppress the dopamine circuit. Everybody knows that. Dopamine is associated with romantic love. Not only do they suppress the dopamine circuit, but they kill the sex drive. And when you kill the sex drive, you kill orgasm. And when you kill orgasm, you kill that flood of drugs associated with attachment. The things are connected in the brain. And when you tamper with one brain system, you&apos;re going to tamper with another. I&apos;m just simply saying that a world without love is a deadly place. So now -- (Applause) Thank you. I want to end with a story. And then, just a comment. I&apos;ve been studying romantic love and sex and attachment for 30 years. I&apos;m an identical twin; I am interested in why we&apos;re all alike. Why you and I are alike, why the Iraqis and the Japanese and the Australian Aborigines and the people of the Amazon River are all alike. And about a year ago, an Internet dating service, Match.com, came to me and asked me if I would design a new dating site for them. I said, &quot;I don&apos;t know anything about personality. You know? I don&apos;t know. Do you think you&apos;ve got the right person?&quot; They said, &quot;Yes.&quot; It got me thinking about why it is that you fall in love with one person rather than another. That&apos;s my current project; it will be my next book. There&apos;s all kinds of reasons that you fall in love with one person rather than another. Timing is important. Proximity is important. Mystery is important. You fall in love with somebody who&apos;s somewhat mysterious, in part because mystery elevates dopamine in the brain, probably pushes you over that threshold to fall in love. You fall in love with somebody who fits within what I call your &quot;love map,&quot; an unconscious list of traits that you build in childhood as you grow up. And I also think that you gravitate to certain people, actually, with somewhat complementary brain systems. And that&apos;s what I&apos;m now contributing to this. But I want to tell you a story, to illustrate. I&apos;ve been carrying on here about the biology of love. I wanted to show you a little bit about the culture of it, too, the magic of it. It&apos;s a story that was told to me by somebody who had heard it just from one -- probably a true story. It was a graduate student -- I&apos;m at Rutgers and my two colleagues -- Art Aron is at SUNY Stony Brook. That&apos;s where we put our people in the MRI machine. And this graduate student was madly in love with another graduate student, and she was not in love with him. And they were all at a conference in Beijing. And he knew from our work that if you go and do something very novel with somebody, you can drive up the dopamine in the brain, and perhaps trigger this brain system for romantic love. (Laughter) So he decided he&apos;d put science to work. And he invited this girl to go off on a rickshaw ride with him. And sure enough -- I&apos;ve never been in one, but apparently they go all around the buses and the trucks and it&apos;s crazy and it&apos;s noisy and it&apos;s exciting. He figured that this would drive up the dopamine, and she&apos;d fall in love with him. So off they go and she&apos;s squealing and squeezing him and laughing and having a wonderful time. An hour later they get down off of the rickshaw, and she throws her hands up and she says, &quot;Wasn&apos;t that wonderful?&quot; And, &quot;Wasn&apos;t that rickshaw driver handsome!&quot; (Laughter) (Applause) There&apos;s magic to love! (Applause) But I will end by saying that millions of years ago, we evolved three basic drives: the sex drive, romantic love and attachment to a long-term partner. These circuits are deeply embedded in the human brain. They&apos;re going to survive as long as our species survives on what Shakespeare called &quot;this mortal coil.&quot; Thank you. Chris Anderson: Helen Fisher! (Applause)

My days as a young rebel
I&apos;m going to go right into the slides. And all I&apos;m going to try and prove to you with these slides is that I do just very straight stuff. And my ideas are -- in my head, anyway -- they&apos;re very logical and relate to what&apos;s going on and problem solving for clients. I either convince clients at the end that I solve their problems, or I really do solve their problems, because usually they seem to like it. Let me go right into the slides. Can you turn off the light? Down. I like to be in the dark. I don&apos;t want you to see what I&apos;m doing up here. (Laughter) Anyway, I did this house in Santa Monica, and it got a lot of notoriety. In fact, it appeared in a porno comic book, which is the slide on the right. (Laughter) This is in Venice. I just show it because I want you to know I&apos;m concerned about context. On the left-hand side, I had the context of those little houses, and I tried to build a building that fit into that context. When people take pictures of these buildings out of that context they look really weird, and my premise is that they make a lot more sense when they&apos;re photographed or seen in that space. And then, once I deal with the context, I then try to make a place that&apos;s comfortable and private and fairly serene, as I hope you&apos;ll find that slide on the right. And then I did a law school for Loyola in downtown L.A. I was concerned about making a place for the study of law. And we continue to work with this client. The building on the right at the top is now under construction. The garage on the right -- the gray structure -- will be torn down, finally, and several small classrooms will be placed along this avenue that we&apos;ve created, this campus. And it all related to the clients and the students from the very first meeting saying they felt denied a place. They wanted a sense of place. And so the whole idea here was to create that kind of space in downtown, in a neighborhood that was difficult to fit into. And it was my theory, or my point of view, that one didn&apos;t upstage the neighborhood -- one made accommodations. I tried to be inclusive, to include the buildings in the neighborhood, whether they were buildings I liked or not. In the &apos;60s I started working with paper furniture and made a bunch of stuff that was very successful in Bloomingdale&apos;s. We even made flooring, walls and everything, out of cardboard. And the success of it threw me for a loop. I couldn&apos;t deal with the success of furniture -- I wasn&apos;t secure enough as an architect -- and so I closed it all up and made furniture that nobody would like. (Laughter) So, nobody would like this. And it was in this, preliminary to these pieces of furniture, that Ricky and I worked on furniture by the slice. And after we failed, I just kept failing. (Laughter) The piece on the left -- and that ultimately led to the piece on the right -- happened when the kid that was working on this took one of those long strings of stuff and folded it up to put it in the wastebasket. And I put a piece of tape around it, as you see there, and realized you could sit on it, and it had a lot of resilience and strength and so on. So, it was an accidental discovery. I got into fish. (Laughter) I mean, the story I tell is that I got mad at postmodernism -- at po-mo -- and said that fish were 500 million years earlier than man, and if you&apos;re going to go back, we might as well go back to the beginning. And so I started making these funny things. And they started to have a life of their own and got bigger -- as the one glass at the Walker. And then, I sliced off the head and the tail and everything and tried to translate what I was learning about the form of the fish and the movement. And a lot of my architectural ideas that came from it -- accidental, again -- it was an intuitive kind of thing, and I just kept going with it, and made this proposal for a building, which was only a proposal. I did this building in Japan. I was taken out to dinner after the contract for this little restaurant was signed. And I love sake and Kobe and all that stuff. And after I got -- I was really drunk -- I was asked to do some sketches on napkins. (Laughter) And I made some sketches on napkins -- little boxes and Morandi-like things that I used to do. And the client said, &quot;Why no fish?&quot; And so I made a drawing with a fish, and I left Japan. Three weeks later, I received a complete set of drawings saying we&apos;d won the competition. (Laughter) Now, it&apos;s hard to do. It&apos;s hard to translate a fish form, because they&apos;re so beautiful -- perfect -- into a building or object like this. And Oldenburg, who I work with a little once in a while, told me I couldn&apos;t do it, and so that made it even more exciting. But he was right -- I couldn&apos;t do the tail. I started to get the head OK, but the tail I couldn&apos;t do. It was pretty hard. The thing on the right is a snake form, a ziggurat. And I put them together, and you walk between them. It was a dialog with the context again. Now, if you saw a picture of this as it was published in Architectural Record -- they didn&apos;t show the context, so you would think, &quot;God, what a pushy guy this is.&quot; But a friend of mine spent four hours wandering around here looking for this restaurant. Couldn&apos;t find it. So ... (Laughter) As for craft and technology and all those things that you&apos;ve all been talking about, I was thrown for a complete loop. This was built in six months. The way we sent drawings to Japan: we used the magic computer in Michigan that does carved models, and we used to make foam models, which that thing scanned. We made the drawings of the fish and the scales. And when I got there, everything was perfect -- except the tail. So, I decided to cut off the head and the tail. And I made the object on the left for my show at the Walker. And it&apos;s one of the nicest pieces I&apos;ve ever made, I think. And then Jay Chiat, a friend and client, asked me to do his headquarters building in L.A. For reasons we don&apos;t want to talk about, it got delayed. Toxic waste, I guess, is the key clue to that one. And so we built a temporary building -- I&apos;m getting good at temporary -- and we put a conference room in that&apos;s a fish. And, finally, Jay dragged me to my hometown, Toronto, Canada. And there is a story -- it&apos;s a real story -- about my grandmother buying a carp on Thursday, bringing it home, putting it in the bathtub when I was a kid. I played with it in the evening. When I went to sleep, the next day it wasn&apos;t there. And the next night, we had gefilte fish. (Laughter) And so I set up this interior for Jay&apos;s offices and I made a pedestal for a sculpture. And he didn&apos;t buy a sculpture, so I made one. I went around Toronto and found a bathtub like my grandmother&apos;s, and I put the fish in. It was a joke. (Laughter) I play with funny people like [Claes] Oldenburg. We&apos;ve been friends for a long time. And we&apos;ve started to work on things. A few years ago, we did a performance piece in Venice, Italy, called &quot;Il Corso del Coltello&quot; -- the Swiss Army knife. And most of the imagery is -- (Laughter) Claes&apos;, but those two little boys are my sons, and they were Claes&apos; assistants in the play. He was the Swiss Army knife. He was a souvenir salesman who always wanted to be a painter, and I was Frankie P. Toronto. P for Palladio. Dressed up like the AT&amp;T building by Claes -- (Laughter) with a fish hat. The highlight of the performance was at the end. This beautiful object, the Swiss Army knife, which I get credit for participating in. And I can tell you -- it&apos;s totally an Oldenburg. I had nothing to do with it. The only thing I did was, I made it possible for them to turn those blades so you could sail this thing in the canal, because I love sailing. (Laughter) We made it into a sailing craft. I&apos;ve been known to mess with things like chain link fencing. I do it because it&apos;s a curious thing in the culture, when things are made in such great quantities, absorbed in such great quantities, and there&apos;s so much denial about them. People hate it. And I&apos;m fascinated with that, which, like the paper furniture -- it&apos;s one of those materials. And I&apos;m always drawn to that. And so I did a lot of dirty things with chain link, which nobody will forgive me for. But Claes made homage to it in the Loyola Law School. And that chain link is really expensive. It&apos;s in perspective and everything. And then we did a camp together for children with cancer. And you can see, we started making a building together. Of course, the milk can is his. But we were trying to collide our ideas, to put objects next to each other. Like a Morandi -- like the little bottles -- composing them like a still life. And it seemed to work as a way to put he and I together. Then Jay Chiat asked me to do this building on this funny lot in Venice, and I started with this three-piece thing, and you entered in the middle. And Jay asked me what I was going to do with the piece in the middle. And he pushed that. And one day I had a -- oh, well, the other way. I had the binoculars from Claes, and I put them there, and I could never get rid of them after that. Oldenburg made the binoculars incredible when he sent me the first model of the real proposal. It made my building look sick. And it was this interaction between that kind of, up-the-ante stuff that became pretty interesting. It led to the building on the left. And I still think the Time magazine picture will be of the binoculars, you know, leaving out the -- what the hell. I use a lot of metal in my work, and I have a hard time connecting with the craft. The whole thing about my house, the whole use of rough carpentry and everything, was the frustration with the crafts available. I said, &quot;If I can&apos;t get the craft that I want, I&apos;ll use the craft I can get.&quot; There were plenty of models for that, in Rauschenberg and Jasper Johns, and many artists who were making beautiful art and sculpture with junk materials. I went into the metal because it was a way of building a building that was a sculpture. And it was all of one material, and the metal could go on the roof as well as the walls. The metalworkers, for the most part, do ducts behind the ceilings and stuff. I was given an opportunity to design an exhibit for the metalworkers&apos; unions of America and Canada in Washington, and I did it on the condition that they become my partners in the future and help me with all future metal buildings, etc. etc. And it&apos;s working very well to have these people, these craftsmen, interested in it. I just tell the stories. It&apos;s a way of connecting, at least, with some of those people that are so important to the realization of architecture. The metal continued into a building -- Herman Miller, in Sacramento. And it&apos;s just a complex of factory buildings. And Herman Miller has this philosophy of having a place -- a people place. I mean, it&apos;s kind of a trite thing to say, but it is real that they wanted to have a central place where the cafeteria would be, where the people would come and where the people working would interact. So it&apos;s out in the middle of nowhere, and you approach it. It&apos;s copper and galvanize. I used the galvanize and copper in a very light gauge, so it would buckle. I spent a lot of time undoing Richard Meier&apos;s aesthetic. Everybody&apos;s trying to get the panels perfect, and I always try to get them sloppy and fuzzy. And they end up looking like stone. This is the central area. There&apos;s a ramp. And that little dome in there is a building by Stanley Tigerman. Stanley was instrumental in my getting this job. And when I was awarded the contract I, at the very beginning, asked the client if they would let Stanley do a cameo piece with me. Because these were ideas that we were talking about, building things next to each other, making -- it&apos;s all about [a] metaphor for a city, maybe. And so Stanley did the little dome thing. And we did it over the phone and by fax. He would send me a fax and show me something. He&apos;d made a building with a dome and he had a little tower. I told him, &quot;No, no, that&apos;s too ongepotchket. I don&apos;t want the tower.&quot; So he came back with a simpler building, but he put some funny details on it, and he moved it closer to my building. And so I decided to put him in a depression. I put him in a hole and made a kind of a hole that he sits in. And so then he put two bridges -- this all happened on the fax, going back and forth over a couple of weeks&apos; period. And he put these two bridges with pink guardrails on it. And so then I put this big billboard behind it. And I call it, &quot;David and Goliath.&quot; And that&apos;s my cafeteria. In Boston, we had that old building on the left. It was a very prominent building off the freeway, and we added a floor and cleaned it up and fixed it up and used the kind of -- I thought -- the language of the neighborhood, which had these cornices, projecting cornices. Mine got a little exuberant, but I used lead copper, which is a beautiful material, and it turns green in 100 years. Instead of, like, copper in 10 or 15. We redid the side of the building and re-proportioned the windows so it sort of fit into the space. And it surprised both Boston and myself that we got it approved, because they have very strict kind of design guideline, and they wouldn&apos;t normally think I would fit them. The detailing was very careful with the lead copper and making panels and fitting it tightly into the fabric of the existing building. In Barcelona, on Las Ramblas for some film festival, I did the Hollywood sign going and coming, made a building out of it, and they built it. I flew in one night and took this picture. But they made it a third smaller than my model without telling me. And then more metal and some chain link in Santa Monica -- a little shopping center. And this is a laser laboratory at the University of Iowa, in which the fish comes back as an abstraction in the back. It&apos;s the support labs, which, by some coincidence, required no windows. And the shape fit perfectly. I just joined the points. In the curved part there&apos;s all the mechanical equipment. That solid wall behind it is a pipe chase -- a pipe canyon -- and so it was an opportunity that I seized, because I didn&apos;t have to have any protruding ducts or vents or things in this form. It gave me an opportunity to make a sculpture out of it. This is a small house somewhere. They&apos;ve been building it so long I don&apos;t remember where it is. It&apos;s in the West Valley. And we started with the stream and built the house along the stream -- dammed it up to make a lake. These are the models. The reality, with the lake -- the workmanship is pretty bad. And it reminded me why I play defensively in things like my house. When you have to do something really cheaply, it&apos;s hard to get perfect corners and stuff. That big metal thing is a passage, and in it is -- you go downstairs into the living room and then down into the bedroom, which is on the right. It&apos;s kind of like a whole built town. I was asked to do a hospital for schizophrenic adolescents at Yale. I thought it was fitting for me to be doing that. This is a house next to a Philip Johnson house in Minnesota. The owners had a dilemma -- they asked Philip to do it. He was too busy. He didn&apos;t recommend me, by the way. (Laughter) We ended up having to make it a sculpture, because the dilemma was, how do you build a building that doesn&apos;t look like the language? Is it going to look like this beautiful estate is sub-divided? Etc. etc. You&apos;ve got the idea. And so we finally ended up making it. These people are art collectors. And we finally made it so it appears very sculptural from the main house and all the windows are on the other side. And the building is very sculptural as you walk around it. It&apos;s made of metal and the brown stuff is Fin-Ply -- it&apos;s that formed lumber from Finland. We used it at Loyola on the chapel, and it didn&apos;t work. I keep trying to make it work. In this case we learned how to detail it. In Cleveland, there&apos;s Burnham Mall, on the left. It&apos;s never been finished. Going out to the lake, you can see all those new buildings we built. And we had the opportunity to build a building on this site. There&apos;s a railroad track. This is the city hall over here somewhere, and the courthouse. And the centerline of the mall goes out. Burnham had designed a railroad station that was never built, and so we followed. Sohio is on the axis here, and we followed the axis, and they&apos;re two kind of goalposts. And this is our building, which is a corporate headquarters for an insurance company. We collaborated with Oldenburg and put the newspaper on top, folded. The health club is fastened to the garage with a C-clamp, for Cleveland. (Laughter) You drive down. So it&apos;s about a 10-story C-clamp. And all this stuff at the bottom is a museum, and an idea for a very fancy automobile entry. This owner has a pet peeve about bad automobile entries. And this would be a hotel. So, the centerline of this thing -- we&apos;d preserve it, and it would start to work with the scale of the new buildings by Pelli and Kohn Pederson Fox, etc., that are underway. It&apos;s hard to do high-rise. I feel much more comfortable down here. This is a piece of property in Brentwood. And a long time ago, about &apos;82 or something, after my house -- I designed a house for myself that would be a village of several pavilions around a courtyard -- and the owner of this lot worked for me and built that actual model on the left. And she came back, I guess wealthier or something -- something happened -- and asked me to design a house for her on this site. And following that basic idea of the village, we changed it as we got into it. I locked the house into the site by cutting the back end -- here you see on the photographs of the site -- slicing into it and putting all the bathrooms and dressing rooms like a retaining wall, creating a lower level zone for the master bedroom, which I designed like a kind of a barge, looking like a boat. And that&apos;s it, built. The dome was a request from the client. She wanted a dome somewhere in the house. She didn&apos;t care where. When you sleep in this bedroom, I hope -- I mean, I haven&apos;t slept in it yet. I&apos;ve offered to marry her so I could sleep there, but she said I didn&apos;t have to do that. But when you&apos;re in that room, you feel like you&apos;re on a kind of barge on some kind of lake. And it&apos;s very private. The landscape is being built around to create a private garden. And then up above there&apos;s a garden on this side of the living room, and one on the other side. These aren&apos;t focused very well. I don&apos;t know how to do it from here. Focus the one on the right. It&apos;s up there. Left -- it&apos;s my right. Anyway, you enter into a garden with a beautiful grove of trees. That&apos;s the living room. Servants&apos; quarters. A guest bedroom, which has this dome with marble on it. And then you enter into the living room and then so on. This is the bedroom. You come down from this level along the stairway, and you enter the bedroom here, going into the lake. And the bed is back in this space, with windows looking out onto the lake. These Stonehenge things were designed to give foreground and to create a greater depth in this shallow lot. The material is lead copper, like in the building in Boston. And so it was an intent to make this small piece of land -- it&apos;s 100 by 250 -- into a kind of an estate by separating these areas and making the living room and dining room into this pavilion with a high space in it. And this happened by accident that I got this right on axis with the dining room table. It looks like I got a Baldessari painting for free. But the idea is, the windows are all placed so you see pieces of the house outside. Eventually this will be screened -- these trees will come up -- and it will be very private. And you feel like you&apos;re in your own kind of village. This is for Michael Eisner -- Disney. We&apos;re doing some work for him. And this is in Anaheim, California, and it&apos;s a freeway building. You go under this bridge at about 65 miles an hour, and there&apos;s another bridge here. And you&apos;re through this room in a split second, and the building will sort of reflect that. On the backside, it&apos;s much more humane -- entrance, dining hall, etc. And then this thing here -- I&apos;m hoping as you drive by you&apos;ll hear the picket fence effect of the sound hitting it. Kind of a fun thing to do. I&apos;m doing a building in Switzerland, Basel, which is an office building for a furniture company. And we struggled with the image. These are the early studies, but they have to sell furniture to normal people, so if I did the building and it was too fancy, then people might say, &quot;Well, the furniture looks OK in his thing, but no, it ain&apos;t going to look good in my normal building.&quot; So we&apos;ve made a kind of pragmatic slab in the second phase here, and we&apos;ve taken the conference facilities and made a villa out of them so that the communal space is very sculptural and separate. And you&apos;re looking at it from the offices and you create a kind of interaction between these pieces. This is in Paris, along the Seine. Palais des Sports, the Gare de Lyon over here. The Minister of Finance -- the guy that moved from the Louvre -- goes in here. There&apos;s a new library across the river. And back in here, in this already treed park, we&apos;re doing a very dense building called the American Center, which has a theater, apartments, dance school, an art museum, restaurants and all kinds of -- it&apos;s a very dense program -- bookstores, etc. In a very tight, small -- this is the ground level. And the French have this extraordinary way of screwing things up by taking a beautiful site and cutting the corner off. They call it the plan coupe. And I struggled with that thing -- how to get around the corner. These are the models for it. I showed you the other model, the one -- this is the way I organized myself so I could make the drawing -- so I understood the problem. I was trying to get around this plan coupe -- how do you do it? Apartments, etc. And these are the kind of study models we did. And the one on the left is pretty awful. You can see why I was ready to commit suicide when this one was built. But out of it came finally this resolution, where the elevator piece worked frontally to this, parallel to this street, and also parallel to here. And then this kind of twist, with this balcony and the skirt, kind of like a ballerina lifting her skirt to let you into the foyer. The restaurants here -- the apartments and the theater, etc. So it would all be built in stone, in French limestone, except for this metal piece. And it faces into a park. And the idea was to make this express the energy of this. On the side facing the street it&apos;s much more normal, except I slipped a few mansards down, so that coming on the point, these housing units made a gesture to the corner. And this will be some kind of high-tech billboard. If any of you guys have any ideas for it, please contact me. I don&apos;t know what to do. Jay Chiat is a glutton for punishment, and he hired me to do a house for him in the Hamptons. And it&apos;s got a fish. And I keep thinking, &quot;This is going to be the last fish.&quot; It&apos;s like a drug addict. I say, &quot;I&apos;m not going to do it anymore -- I don&apos;t want to do it anymore -- I&apos;m not going to do it.&quot; And then I do it. (Laughter) There it is. But it&apos;s the living room. And this piece here is -- I don&apos;t know what it is. I just added it so that we&apos;d have enough money in the budget so we could take something out. (Applause) This is Euro Disney, and I&apos;ve worked with all of the guys that presented to you earlier. We&apos;ve had a lot of fun working together. I think I&apos;m from Mars for them, and they are for me, but somehow we all manage to work together, and I think, productively. So far. This is a shopping thing. You come into the Magic Kingdom and the hotel that Tony Baxter&apos;s group is doing out here. And then this is a kind of a shopping mall, with a rodeo and restaurants. And another restaurant. What I did -- because of the Paris skies being quite dull, I made a light grid that&apos;s perpendicular to the train station, to the route of the train. It looks like it&apos;s kind of been there, and then crashed all these simpler forms into it. The light grid will have a light, be lit up at night and give a kind of light ceiling. In Switzerland -- Germany, actually -- on the Rhine across from Basel, we did a furniture factory and a furniture museum. And I tried to -- there&apos;s a Nick Grimshaw building over here, there&apos;s an Oldenburg sculpture over here -- I tried to make a relationship urbanistically. And I don&apos;t gave good slides to show -- it&apos;s just been completed -- but this piece here is this building, and these pieces here and here. And as you pass by it&apos;s always part -- you see it as all of these pieces accrue and become part of an overall neighborhood. It&apos;s plaster and just zinc. And you wonder, if this is a museum, what it&apos;s going to be like inside? If it&apos;s going to be so busy and crazy that you wouldn&apos;t show anything, and just wait. I&apos;m so cunning and clever -- I made it quiet and wonderful. But on the outside it does scream out at you a bit. It&apos;s actually basically three square rooms with a couple of skylights and stuff. And from the building in the back, you see it as an iceberg floating by in the hills. I know I&apos;m over time. See, that skylight goes down and becomes that one. So it&apos;s pretty quiet inside. This is the Disney Hall -- the concert hall. It&apos;s a complicated project. It has a chamber hall. It&apos;s related to an existing Chandler Pavilion that was built with a lot of love and tears and caring. And it&apos;s not a great building, but I approached it optimistically, that we would make a compositional relationship between us that would strengthen both of us. And the plan of this -- it&apos;s a concert hall. This is the foyer, which is kind of a garden structure. There&apos;s commercial at the ground floor. These are offices, which, really, in the competition, we didn&apos;t have to design. But finally, there&apos;s a hotel there. These were the kind of relationships made to the Chandler, composing these elevations together and relating them to the buildings that existed -- to MOCA, etc. The acoustician in the competition gave us criteria, which led to this compartmentalized scheme, which we found out after the competition would not work at all. But everybody liked these forms and liked the space, and so that&apos;s one of the problems of a competition. You have to then try and get that back in some way. And we studied many models. This was our original model. These were the three buildings that were the ideal -- the Concertgebouw, Boston and Berlin. Everybody liked the surround. Actually, this is the smallest hall in size, and it has more seats than any of these because it has double balconies. Our client doesn&apos;t want balconies, so -- and when we met our new acoustician, he told us this was the right shape or this was the right shape. And we tried many shapes, trying to get the energy of the original design within an acoustical, acceptable format. We finally settled on a shape that was the proportion of the Concertgebouw with the sloping outside walls, which the acoustician said were crucial to this and later decided they weren&apos;t, but now we have them. (Laughter) And our idea is to make the seating carriage very sculptural and out of wood and like a big boat sitting in this plaster room. That&apos;s the idea. And the corners would have skylights and these columns would be structural. And the nice thing about introducing columns is they give you a kind of sense of proscenium from wherever you sit, and create intimacy. Now, this is not a final design -- these are just on the way to being -- and so I wouldn&apos;t take it literally, except the feeling of the space. We studied the acoustics with laser stuff, and they bounce them off this and see where it all works. But you get the sense of the hall in section. Most halls come straight down into a proscenium. In this case we&apos;re opening it back up and getting skylights in the four corners. And so it will be quite a different shape. (Laughter) The original building, because it was frog-like, fit nicely on the site and cranked itself well. When you get into a box, it&apos;s harder to do it -- and here we are, struggling with how to put the hotel in. And this is a teapot I designed for Alessi. I just stuck it on there. But this is how I do work. I do take pieces and bits and look at it and struggle with it and cut it away. And of course it&apos;s not going to look like that, but it is the crazy way I tend to work. And then finally, in L.A. I was asked to do a sculpture at the foot of Interstate Bank Tower, the highest building in L.A. Larry Halprin is doing the stairs. And I was asked to do a fish, and so I did a snake. (Laughter) It&apos;s a public space, and I made it kind of a garden structure, and you can go in it. It&apos;s a kiva, and Larry&apos;s putting some water in there, and it works much better than a fish. In Barcelona I was asked to do a fish, and we&apos;re working on that, at the foot of a Ritz-Carlton Tower being done by Skidmore, Owings and Merrill. And the Ritz-Carlton Tower is being designed with exposed steel, non-fire proof, much like those old gas tanks. And so we took the language of this exposed steel and used it, perverted it, into the form of the fish, and created a kind of a 19th-century contraption that looks like, that will sit -- this is the beach and the harbor out in front, and this is really a shopping center with department stores. And we split these bridges. Originally, this was all solid with a hole in it. We cut them loose and made several bridges and created a kind of a foreground for this hotel. We showed this to the hotel people the other day, and they were terrified and said that nobody would come to the Ritz-Carlton anymore, because of this fish. (Laughter) And finally, I just threw these in -- Lou Danziger. I didn&apos;t expect Lou Danziger to be here, but this is a building I did for him in 1964, I think. A little studio -- and it&apos;s sadly for sale. Time goes on. And this is my son working with me on a small fast-food thing. He designed the robot as the cashier, and the head moves, and I did the rest of it. And the food wasn&apos;t as good as the stuff, and so it failed. It should have been the other way around -- the food should have been good first. It didn&apos;t work. Thank you very much.

Do schools kill creativity?
Good morning. How are you? (Audience) Good. It&apos;s been great, hasn&apos;t it? I&apos;ve been blown away by the whole thing. In fact, I&apos;m leaving. (Laughter) There have been three themes running through the conference, which are relevant to what I want to talk about. One is the extraordinary evidence of human creativity in all of the presentations that we&apos;ve had and in all of the people here; just the variety of it and the range of it. The second is that it&apos;s put us in a place where we have no idea what&apos;s going to happen in terms of the future. No idea how this may play out. I have an interest in education. Actually, what I find is, everybody has an interest in education. Don&apos;t you? I find this very interesting. If you&apos;re at a dinner party, and you say you work in education -- actually, you&apos;re not often at dinner parties, frankly. (Laughter) If you work in education, you&apos;re not asked. (Laughter) And you&apos;re never asked back, curiously. That&apos;s strange to me. But if you are, and you say to somebody, you know, they say, &quot;What do you do?&quot; and you say you work in education, you can see the blood run from their face. They&apos;re like, &quot;Oh my God. Why me?&quot; (Laughter) &quot;My one night out all week.&quot; (Laughter) But if you ask about their education, they pin you to the wall, because it&apos;s one of those things that goes deep with people, am I right? Like religion and money and other things. So I have a big interest in education, and I think we all do. We have a huge vested interest in it, partly because it&apos;s education that&apos;s meant to take us into this future that we can&apos;t grasp. If you think of it, children starting school this year will be retiring in 2065. Nobody has a clue, despite all the expertise that&apos;s been on parade for the past four days, what the world will look like in five years&apos; time. And yet, we&apos;re meant to be educating them for it. So the unpredictability, I think, is extraordinary. And the third part of this is that we&apos;ve all agreed, nonetheless, on the really extraordinary capacities that children have -- their capacities for innovation. I mean, Sirena last night was a marvel, wasn&apos;t she? Just seeing what she could do. And she&apos;s exceptional, but I think she&apos;s not, so to speak, exceptional in the whole of childhood. What you have there is a person of extraordinary dedication who found a talent. And my contention is, all kids have tremendous talents, and we squander them, pretty ruthlessly. So I want to talk about education, and I want to talk about creativity. My contention is that creativity now is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status. (Applause) Thank you. (Applause) That was it, by the way. Thank you very much. (Laughter) So, 15 minutes left. (Laughter) &quot;Well, I was born ... &quot; (Laughter) I heard a great story recently -- I love telling it -- of a little girl who was in a drawing lesson. She was six, and she was at the back, drawing, and the teacher said this girl hardly ever paid attention, and in this drawing lesson, she did. The teacher was fascinated. She went over to her, and she said, &quot;What are you drawing?&quot; And the girl said, &quot;I&apos;m drawing a picture of God.&quot; And the teacher said, &quot;But nobody knows what God looks like.&quot; And the girl said, &quot;They will in a minute.&quot; (Laughter) When my son was four in England -- actually, he was four everywhere, to be honest. (Laughter) If we&apos;re being strict about it, wherever he went, he was four that year. He was in the Nativity play. Do you remember the story? (Laughter) No, it was big, it was a big story. Mel Gibson did the sequel, you may have seen it. (Laughter) &quot;Nativity II.&quot; But James got the part of Joseph, which we were thrilled about. We considered this to be one of the lead parts. We had the place crammed full of agents in T-shirts: &quot;James Robinson IS Joseph!&quot; (Laughter) He didn&apos;t have to speak, but you know the bit where the three kings come in? They come in bearing gifts, gold, frankincense and myrrh. This really happened. We were sitting there, and I think they just went out of sequence, because we talked to the little boy afterward and said, &quot;You OK with that?&quot; They said, &quot;Yeah, why? Was that wrong?&quot; They just switched. The three boys came in, four-year-olds with tea towels on their heads. They put these boxes down, and the first boy said, &quot;I bring you gold.&quot; And the second boy said, &quot;I bring you myrrh.&quot; And the third boy said, &quot;Frank sent this.&quot; (Laughter) What these things have in common is that kids will take a chance. If they don&apos;t know, they&apos;ll have a go. Am I right? They&apos;re not frightened of being wrong. I don&apos;t mean to say that being wrong is the same thing as being creative. What we do know is, if you&apos;re not prepared to be wrong, you&apos;ll never come up with anything original -- if you&apos;re not prepared to be wrong. And by the time they get to be adults, most kids have lost that capacity. They have become frightened of being wrong. And we run our companies like this. We stigmatize mistakes. And we&apos;re now running national education systems where mistakes are the worst thing you can make. And the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities. Picasso once said this, he said that all children are born artists. The problem is to remain an artist as we grow up. I believe this passionately, that we don&apos;t grow into creativity, we grow out of it. Or rather, we get educated out of it. So why is this? I lived in Stratford-on-Avon until about five years ago. In fact, we moved from Stratford to Los Angeles. So you can imagine what a seamless transition this was. (Laughter) Actually, we lived in a place called Snitterfield, just outside Stratford, which is where Shakespeare&apos;s father was born. Are you struck by a new thought? I was. You don&apos;t think of Shakespeare having a father, do you? Do you? Because you don&apos;t think of Shakespeare being a child, do you? Shakespeare being seven? I never thought of it. I mean, he was seven at some point. He was in somebody&apos;s English class, wasn&apos;t he? (Laughter) How annoying would that be? (Laughter) &quot;Must try harder.&quot; (Laughter) Being sent to bed by his dad, to Shakespeare, &quot;Go to bed, now!&quot; To William Shakespeare. &quot;And put the pencil down!&quot; (Laughter) &quot;And stop speaking like that.&quot; (Laughter) &quot;It&apos;s confusing everybody.&quot; (Laughter) Anyway, we moved from Stratford to Los Angeles, and I just want to say a word about the transition. Actually, my son didn&apos;t want to come. I&apos;ve got two kids; he&apos;s 21 now, my daughter&apos;s 16. He didn&apos;t want to come to Los Angeles. He loved it, but he had a girlfriend in England. This was the love of his life, Sarah. He&apos;d known her for a month. (Laughter) Mind you, they&apos;d had their fourth anniversary, because it&apos;s a long time when you&apos;re 16. He was really upset on the plane. He said, &quot;I&apos;ll never find another girl like Sarah.&quot; And we were rather pleased about that, frankly -- (Laughter) because she was the main reason we were leaving the country. (Laughter) But something strikes you when you move to America and travel around the world: every education system on earth has the same hierarchy of subjects. Every one. Doesn&apos;t matter where you go. You&apos;d think it would be otherwise, but it isn&apos;t. At the top are mathematics and languages, then the humanities. At the bottom are the arts. Everywhere on earth. And in pretty much every system, too, there&apos;s a hierarchy within the arts. Art and music are normally given a higher status in schools than drama and dance. There isn&apos;t an education system on the planet that teaches dance every day to children the way we teach them mathematics. Why? Why not? I think this is rather important. I think math is very important, but so is dance. Children dance all the time if they&apos;re allowed to, we all do. We all have bodies, don&apos;t we? Did I miss a meeting? (Laughter) Truthfully, what happens is, as children grow up, we start to educate them progressively from the waist up. And then we focus on their heads. And slightly to one side. If you were to visit education as an alien and say &quot;What&apos;s it for, public education?&quot; I think you&apos;d have to conclude, if you look at the output, who really succeeds by this, who does everything they should, who gets all the brownie points, who are the winners -- I think you&apos;d have to conclude the whole purpose of public education throughout the world is to produce university professors. Isn&apos;t it? They&apos;re the people who come out the top. And I used to be one, so there. (Laughter) And I like university professors, but, you know, we shouldn&apos;t hold them up as the high-water mark of all human achievement. They&apos;re just a form of life. Another form of life. But they&apos;re rather curious. And I say this out of affection for them: there&apos;s something curious about professors. In my experience -- not all of them, but typically -- they live in their heads. They live up there and slightly to one side. They&apos;re disembodied, you know, in a kind of literal way. They look upon their body as a form of transport for their heads. (Laughter) Don&apos;t they? It&apos;s a way of getting their head to meetings. (Laughter) If you want real evidence of out-of-body experiences, by the way, get yourself along to a residential conference of senior academics and pop into the discotheque on the final night. (Laughter) And there, you will see it. Grown men and women writhing uncontrollably, off the beat. (Laughter) Waiting until it ends, so they can go home and write a paper about it. (Laughter) Our education system is predicated on the idea of academic ability. And there&apos;s a reason. Around the world, there were no public systems of education, really, before the 19th century. They all came into being to meet the needs of industrialism. So the hierarchy is rooted on two ideas. Number one, that the most useful subjects for work are at the top. So you were probably steered benignly away from things at school when you were a kid, things you liked, on the grounds you would never get a job doing that. Is that right? &quot;Don&apos;t do music, you&apos;re not going to be a musician; don&apos;t do art, you won&apos;t be an artist.&quot; Benign advice -- now, profoundly mistaken. The whole world is engulfed in a revolution. And the second is academic ability, which has really come to dominate our view of intelligence, because the universities design the system in their image. If you think of it, the whole system of public education around the world is a protracted process of university entrance. And the consequence is that many highly talented, brilliant, creative people think they&apos;re not, because the thing they were good at at school wasn&apos;t valued, or was actually stigmatized. And I think we can&apos;t afford to go on that way. In the next 30 years, according to UNESCO, more people worldwide will be graduating through education than since the beginning of history. More people. And it&apos;s the combination of all the things we&apos;ve talked about: technology and its transformational effect on work, and demography and the huge explosion in population. Suddenly, degrees aren&apos;t worth anything. Isn&apos;t that true? When I was a student, if you had a degree, you had a job. If you didn&apos;t have a job, it&apos;s because you didn&apos;t want one. And I didn&apos;t want one, frankly. (Laughter) But now kids with degrees are often heading home to carry on playing video games, because you need an MA where the previous job required a BA, and now you need a PhD for the other. It&apos;s a process of academic inflation. And it indicates the whole structure of education is shifting beneath our feet. We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence. We know three things about intelligence. One, it&apos;s diverse. We think about the world in all the ways that we experience it. We think visually, we think in sound, we think kinesthetically. We think in abstract terms, we think in movement. Secondly, intelligence is dynamic. If you look at the interactions of a human brain, as we heard yesterday from a number of presentations, intelligence is wonderfully interactive. The brain isn&apos;t divided into compartments. In fact, creativity -- which I define as the process of having original ideas that have value -- more often than not comes about through the interaction of different disciplinary ways of seeing things. By the way, there&apos;s a shaft of nerves that joins the two halves of the brain, called the corpus callosum. It&apos;s thicker in women. Following off from Helen yesterday, this is probably why women are better at multitasking. Because you are, aren&apos;t you? There&apos;s a raft of research, but I know it from my personal life. If my wife is cooking a meal at home, which is not often ... thankfully. (Laughter) No, she&apos;s good at some things. But if she&apos;s cooking, she&apos;s dealing with people on the phone, she&apos;s talking to the kids, she&apos;s painting the ceiling -- (Laughter) she&apos;s doing open-heart surgery over here. If I&apos;m cooking, the door is shut, the kids are out, the phone&apos;s on the hook, if she comes in, I get annoyed. I say, &quot;Terry, please, I&apos;m trying to fry an egg in here.&quot; (Laughter) &quot;Give me a break.&quot; (Laughter) Actually, do you know that old philosophical thing, &quot;If a tree falls in a forest, and nobody hears it, did it happen?&quot; Remember that old chestnut? I saw a great T-shirt recently, which said, &quot;If a man speaks his mind in a forest, and no woman hears him, is he still wrong?&quot; (Laughter) And the third thing about intelligence is, it&apos;s distinct. I&apos;m doing a new book at the moment called &quot;Epiphany,&quot; which is based on a series of interviews with people about how they discovered their talent. I&apos;m fascinated by how people got to be there. It&apos;s really prompted by a conversation I had with a wonderful woman who maybe most people have never heard of, Gillian Lynne. Have you heard of her? Some have. She&apos;s a choreographer, and everybody knows her work. She did &quot;Cats&quot; and &quot;Phantom of the Opera.&quot; She&apos;s wonderful. I used to be on the board of The Royal Ballet, as you can see. (Laughter) Gillian and I had lunch one day. I said, &quot;How did you get to be a dancer?&quot; It was interesting. When she was at school, she was really hopeless. And the school, in the &apos;30s, wrote to her parents and said, &quot;We think Gillian has a learning disorder.&quot; She couldn&apos;t concentrate; she was fidgeting. I think now they&apos;d say she had ADHD. Wouldn&apos;t you? But this was the 1930s, and ADHD hadn&apos;t been invented at this point. It wasn&apos;t an available condition. (Laughter) People weren&apos;t aware they could have that. (Laughter) Anyway, she went to see this specialist. So, this oak-paneled room, and she was there with her mother, and she was led and sat on this chair at the end, and she sat on her hands for 20 minutes, while this man talked to her mother about all the problems Gillian was having at school, because she was disturbing people, her homework was always late, and so on. Little kid of eight. In the end, the doctor went and sat next to Gillian and said, &quot;I&apos;ve listened to all these things your mother&apos;s told me. I need to speak to her privately. Wait here. We&apos;ll be back. We won&apos;t be very long,&quot; and they went and left her. But as they went out of the room, he turned on the radio that was sitting on his desk. And when they got out of the room, he said to her mother, &quot;Just stand and watch her.&quot; And the minute they left the room, she was on her feet, moving to the music. And they watched for a few minutes, and he turned to her mother and said, &quot;Mrs. Lynne, Gillian isn&apos;t sick. She&apos;s a dancer. Take her to a dance school.&quot; I said, &quot;What happened?&quot; She said, &quot;She did. I can&apos;t tell you how wonderful it was. We walked in this room, and it was full of people like me -- people who couldn&apos;t sit still, people who had to move to think.&quot; Who had to move to think. They did ballet, they did tap, jazz; they did modern; they did contemporary. She was eventually auditioned for the Royal Ballet School. She became a soloist; she had a wonderful career at the Royal Ballet. She eventually graduated from the Royal Ballet School, founded the Gillian Lynne Dance Company, met Andrew Lloyd Webber. She&apos;s been responsible for some of the most successful musical theater productions in history, she&apos;s given pleasure to millions, and she&apos;s a multimillionaire. Somebody else might have put her on medication and told her to calm down. (Applause) What I think it comes to is this: Al Gore spoke the other night about ecology and the revolution that was triggered by Rachel Carson. I believe our only hope for the future is to adopt a new conception of human ecology, one in which we start to reconstitute our conception of the richness of human capacity. Our education system has mined our minds in the way that we strip-mine the earth for a particular commodity. And for the future, it won&apos;t serve us. We have to rethink the fundamental principles on which we&apos;re educating our children. There was a wonderful quote by Jonas Salk, who said, &quot;If all the insects were to disappear from the Earth, within 50 years, all life on Earth would end. If all human beings disappeared from the Earth, within 50 years, all forms of life would flourish.&quot; And he&apos;s right. What TED celebrates is the gift of the human imagination. We have to be careful now that we use this gift wisely, and that we avert some of the scenarios that we&apos;ve talked about. And the only way we&apos;ll do it is by seeing our creative capacities for the richness they are and seeing our children for the hope that they are. And our task is to educate their whole being, so they can face this future. By the way -- we may not see this future, but they will. And our job is to help them make something of it. Thank you very much. (Applause)

Brain magic
Brain magic. What&apos;s brain magic all about? Brain magic to me indicates that area of magic dealing with psychological and mind-reading effects. So unlike traditional magic, it uses the power of words, linguistic deception, non-verbal communication and various other techniques to create the illusion of a sixth sense. I&apos;m going to show you all how easy it is to manipulate the human mind once you know how. I want everybody downstairs also to join in with me and everybody. I want everybody to put out your hands like this for me, first of all. OK, clap them together, once. OK, reverse your hands. Now, follow my actions exactly. Now about half the audience has their left hand up. Why is that? OK, swap them around, put your right hand up. Cross your hands over, so your right hand goes over, interlace your fingers like this, then make sure your right thumb is outside your left thumb -- that&apos;s very important. Yours is the other way around, so swap it around. Excellent, OK. Extend your fingers like this for me. All right. Tap them together once. OK, now, if you did not allow me to deceive your minds, you would all be able to do this. (Laughter) (Laughter ends) Now you can see how easy it is for me to manipulate the human mind, once you know how. (Laughter) Now, I remember when I was about 15, (Laughter) I read a copy of Life magazine, which detailed a story about a 75-year-old blind Russian woman who could sense printed letters -- there&apos;s still people trying to do it -- (Laughter) -- who could sense printed letters and even sense colors, just by touch. And she was completely blind. She could also read the serial numbers on bills when they were placed, face down, on a hard surface. Now, I was fascinated, but at the same time, skeptical. How could somebody read using their fingertips? You know, if you actually think about it, if somebody is totally blind -- a guy yesterday did a demonstration in one of the rooms, where people had to close their eyes and they could just hear things. And it&apos;s just a really weird thing to try and figure out. How could somebody read using their fingertips? Now earlier on, as part of a TV show that I have coming up on MTV, I attempted to give a similar demonstration of what is now known as second sight. So, let&apos;s take a look. (Video) Man: There we go. I&apos;m going to guide you into the car. Kathryn Thomas: (Laughter) Man: You&apos;re OK, keep on going. KT: How are you? Keith Barry: Kathryn, it&apos;s Keith here. I&apos;m going to take you to a secret location, OK? Kathryn, there was no way you could see through that blindfold. KT: OK, but don&apos;t say my name like that. KB: But you&apos;re OK? KT: Yes. KB: No way to see through it? KT: No. KB: I&apos;ll take it off. Do you want to take the rest off? Take it off, you&apos;re OK. We&apos;ll stop for a second. KT: I&apos;m so afraid of what I&apos;m going to see. KB: You&apos;re fine, take it off. You&apos;re OK. You&apos;re safe. Have you ever heard of second sight? KT: No. KB: Second sight is whereby a mind-control expert can see through somebody else&apos;s eyes. And I&apos;m going to try that right now. KT: God. KB: Are you ready? Where is it? There&apos;s no way -- KT: (Beep) KT: Oh, my God! KB: Don&apos;t say anything, I&apos;m trying to see through your eyes. I can&apos;t see. KT: There&apos;s a wall, there&apos;s a wall. KB: Look at the road, look at the road. KT: OK, OK, OK. Oh, my God! KB: Now, anything coming at all? KT: No. KB: Sure there&apos;s not? KT: No, no, I&apos;m just still looking at the road. I&apos;m looking at the road, all the time. I&apos;m not taking my eyes off the road. (Beep) (Beep) (Beep) KT: Oh, my God! KB: Where are we? Where are we? We&apos;re going uphill, are we going uphill? KT: Look at the road -- (Beep) Still got that goddamn blindfold on. KB: What? KT: How are you doing this? KB: Just don&apos;t break my concentration. We&apos;re OK, though? KT: Yes. That&apos;s so weird. We&apos;re nearly there. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! KB: And I&apos;ve stopped. KT: That is weird. You&apos;re like a freak-ass of nature. That was the most scary thing I&apos;ve ever done in my life! (Applause) KB: Thank you. By the way, two days ago, we were going to film this down there, at the race course, and we got a guy into a car, and we got a camera man in the back, but halfway through the drive, he told me he had, I think it was a nine-millimeter, stuck to his leg. So, I stopped pretty quick, and that was it. So, do you believe it&apos;s possible to see through somebody else&apos;s eyes? That&apos;s the question. Now, most people here would automatically say no. OK, but I want you to realize some facts. I couldn&apos;t see through the blindfold. The car was not gimmicked or tricked in any way. The girl, I&apos;d never met before, all right. So, I want you to just think about it for a moment. A lot of people try to come up with a logical solution to what just happened, all right. But because your brains are not trained in the art of deception, the solutions you come up with will, 99 percent of the time, be way off the mark. This is because magic is all about directing attention. If, for instance, I didn&apos;t want you to look at my right hand, then I don&apos;t look at it. But if I wanted you to look at my right hand, then I look at it, too. You see, it&apos;s very simple, once you know how, but very complicated in other ways. I&apos;m going to give you some demonstrations right now. I need two people to help me out real quick. Can you come up? And let&apos;s see, down at the end, here, can you also come up, real quick? Do you mind? Yes, at the end. OK, give them a round of applause as they come up. You might want to use the stairs, there. (Applause) It&apos;s very important for everybody here to realize I haven&apos;t set anything up with you. You don&apos;t know what will happen, right? Would you mind just standing over here for a moment? Your name is? Nicole: Nicole. KB: Nicole, and? (Telephone ringing) KB: Actually, here&apos;s the thing, answer it, answer it, answer it. (Laughter) Is it a girl? Man: They&apos;ve already gone. KB: OK, swap over positions. Can you stand over here? This will make it easier. Pity, I would have told them it was the ace of spades. OK, a little bit closer. (Laughter) OK, a little bit closer, come over -- they look really nervous up here. Do you believe in witchcraft? Nicole: No. KB: Voodoo? Nicole: No. KB: Things that go bump in the night? Nicole: No. KB: Besides, who&apos;s next, no, OK. I want you to just stand exactly like this for me, pull up your sleeves, if you don&apos;t mind. OK, now, I want you to be aware of all the different sensations around you, because we&apos;ll try a voodoo experiment. I want you to be aware of the sensations, but don&apos;t say anything until I ask you, and don&apos;t open your eyes until I ask you. From this point onwards, close your eyes, do not say anything, do not open them, be aware of the sensations. Yes or no, did you feel anything? Nicole: Yes. KB: You did feel that? What did you feel? Nicole: A touch on my back. KB: How many times did you feel it? Nicole: Twice. KB: Twice. OK, extend your left arm out in front of you. Extend your left arm, OK. OK, keep it there. Be aware of the sensations, don&apos;t say anything, don&apos;t open your eyes, OK. Did you feel anything, there? Nicole: Yes. KB: What did you feel? Nicole: Three -- KB: Like a tickling sensation? Nicole: Yes. KB: Can you show us where? OK, excellent. Open your eyes. I never touched you. I just touched his back, and I just touched his arm. A voodoo experiment. (Laughter) Yeah, I walk around nightclubs all night like this. (Laughter) You just take a seat over here for a second. I&apos;m going to use you again, in a moment. Can you take a seat right over here, if you don&apos;t mind. Sit right here. Man: OK. KB: OK, take a seat. Excellent, OK. Now, what I want you to do is look directly at me, OK, just take a deep breath in through your nose, letting it out through your mouth, and relax. Allow your eyes to close, on five, four, three, two, one. Close your eyes right now. OK, now, I&apos;m not hypnotizing you, I&apos;m merely placing you in a heightened state of synchronicity, so our minds are along the same lines. And as you sink and drift and float into this relaxed state of mind, I&apos;m going to take your left hand, and just place it up here. I want you to hold it there just for a moment, and I only want you to allow your hand to sink and drift and float back to the tabletop at the same rate and speed as you drift and float into this relaxed state of awareness, and allow it to go all the way down to the tabletop. That&apos;s it, all the way down, all the way down. and further, and further. Excellent. I want you to allow your hand to stick firmly to the tabletop. OK, now, allow it to stay there. OK, now, in a moment, you&apos;ll feel a certain pressure, OK, and I want you to be aware of the pressure. Just be aware of the pressure. And I only want you to allow your hand to float slowly back up from the tabletop as you feel the pressure release, but only when you feel the pressure release. Do you understand? Just answer yes or no. Man: Yes. KB: Hold it right there. And only when you feel the pressure go back, allow your hand to drift back to the tabletop, but only when you feel the pressure. (Laughter) OK, that was wonderfully done. Let&apos;s try it again. Excellent. Now that you&apos;ve got the idea, let&apos;s try something even more interesting. Allow it to stick firmly to the tabletop, keep your eyes closed. Can you stand up? Just stand, stage forward. I want you to point directly at his forehead. OK. Imagine a connection between you and him. Only when you want the pressure to be released, make an upward gesture, like this, but only when you want it to be released. You can wait as long as you want, but only when you want the pressure released. OK, let&apos;s try it again. OK, now, imagine the connection, OK. Point directly at his forehead. Only when you want the pressure released, we&apos;ll try it again. OK, it worked that time, excellent. And hold it there, both of you. Only when you want the pressure to go back, make a downward gesture. You can wait as long as you want. You did it pretty quickly, but it went down, OK. Now, I want you to be aware that in a moment, when I snap my fingers, your eyes will open, again. It&apos;s OK to remember to forget, or forget to remember what happened. Most people ask you, &quot;What the hell just happened up here?&quot; But it&apos;s OK that even though you&apos;re not hypnotized, you will forget everything that happened. On five, four, three, two, one -- open your eyes, wide awake. Give them a round of applause, as they go back to their seats. (Applause) OK, you can go back. (Applause) I once saw a film called &quot;The Gods Are Crazy.&quot; Has anybody here seen that film? Yeah. Remember when they threw the Coke out of the airplane, and it landed on the ground, and it didn&apos;t break? Now, see, that&apos;s because Coke bottles are solid. It&apos;s nearly impossible to break a Coke bottle. Do you want to try it? Good job. She&apos;s not taking any chances. (Laughter) You see, psychokinesis is the paranormal influence of the mind on physical events and processes. For some magicians or mentalists, sometimes the spoon will bend or melt, sometimes it will not. Sometimes the object will slide across the table, sometimes it will not. It depends on how much energy you have that day, so on and so forth. We&apos;re going to try an experiment in psychokinesis, right now. Come right over here, next to me. Excellent. Now, have a look at the Coke bottle. Make sure it is solid, there&apos;s only one hole, and it&apos;s a normal Coke bottle. And you can whack it against the table, if you want; be careful. Even though it&apos;s solid, I&apos;m standing away. I want you to pinch right here with two fingers and your thumb. Excellent. Now, I&apos;ve got a shard of glass here, OK. I want you to examine the shard of glass. Careful, it&apos;s sharp. Just hold on to it for a moment. Now, hold it out here. I want you to imagine, right now, a broken relationship from many years ago. I want you to imagine all the negative energy from that broken relationship, from that guy, being imparted into the broken piece of glass, which will represent him, OK. But I want you to take this very seriously. Stare at the glass, ignore everybody right here. In a moment, you&apos;ll feel a certain sensation, OK, and when you feel that sensation, I want you to drop the piece of glass into the bottle. Think of that guy, that ba -- that guy. (Laughter) I&apos;m trying to be good here. OK, and when you feel the sensation -- it might take a while -- drop it into the glass. OK, drop it in. Now, imagine all that negative energy in there. Imagine his name and imagine him inside the glass. And I want you to release that negative energy by shaking it from side to side. (Burst) (Laughter) That was a lot of negative energy, built up in there. (Laughter) (Applause) I also want you to look at me and think of his name. OK, think of how many letters in the title of his name. There&apos;s five letters in the title. You didn&apos;t react to that, so it&apos;s four letters. Think of one of the letters in the title. There&apos;s a K in his name, there is a K. I knew that because my name starts with a K also, but his name doesn&apos;t start with a K, it starts with an M. Tell Mike I said hello, the next time you see him. Was that his name? Nicole: Mm-hmm. KB: OK, give her a round of applause. (Applause) Thank you. (Applause) (Applause ends) I&apos;ve got one more thing to share with you right now. Actually, Chris, I was going to pick you for this, but instead of picking you, can you hop up here and pick a victim for this next experiment? And it should be a male victim, that&apos;s the only thing. Chris Anderson: Oh, OK. KB: I was going to use you, but I decided I might want to come back another year. (Laughter) CA: Well, to reward him for saying &quot;eureka,&quot; and for selecting Michael Mercil to come and talk to us -- Steve Jurvetson. KB: OK, Steve, come on up here. (Applause) CA: You knew! KB: OK, Steve, I want you to take a seat, right behind here. Excellent. Now, Steve -- oh, you can check underneath. Go ahead, I&apos;ve no fancy assistants underneath there. They insist that because I was a magician, put a nice, black tablecloth on. There you are, OK. (Laughter) I&apos;ve got four wooden plinths here, Steve. One, two, three and four. Now, they&apos;re all the exact same except this one obviously has a stainless steel spike sticking out of it. I want you to examine it, and make sure it&apos;s solid. Happy? Steve Jurvetson: Mmm, yes. KB: OK. Now, Steve, I&apos;m going to stand in front of the table, When I stand in front of the table, I want you to put the cups on the plinths, in any order you want, and then mix them all up, so nobody has any idea where the spike is, all right? SJ: No one in the audience? KB: Yes, and just to help you out, I&apos;ll block them from view, so nobody can see what you&apos;re doing. I&apos;ll also look away. So, go ahead and mix them up, now. OK, and tell me when you&apos;re done. (Laughter) (Laughter) KB: You done? SJ: Almost. KB: Almost, oh. OK, you&apos;re making sure that&apos;s well hidden. Oh, we&apos;ve got one here, we&apos;ve got one here. (Applause) So, all right, we&apos;ll leave them like that. (Laughter) I&apos;m going to have the last laugh, though. (Laughter) Now, Steve, you know where the spike is, but nobody else, does? Correct? But I don&apos;t want you to know either, so swivel around on your chair. They&apos;ll keep an eye on me to make sure I don&apos;t do anything funny. No, stay around, OK. Now, Steve, look back. Now you don&apos;t know where the spike is, and I don&apos;t know where it is either. Now, is there any way to see through this blindfold? SJ: Put this on? KB: No, just, is there any way to see through it? No? SJ: No, I can&apos;t see through it. KB: Excellent. Now, I&apos;m going to put on the blindfold. Don&apos;t stack them up, OK. Give them an extra mix up. Don&apos;t move the cups, I don&apos;t want anybody to see where the spike is, but give the plinths an extra mix up, and then line them up. I&apos;ll put the blindfold on. Give them an extra mix up. No messing around this time. OK, go ahead, mix them up. My hand is at risk here. (Laughter) Tell me when you&apos;re done. SJ: Done. KB: OK, where are you? Put out your hand. Your right hand. Tell me when I&apos;m over a cup. SJ: You&apos;re over a cup. KB: I&apos;m over a cup, right now? SJ: Mm-hmm. KB: Now, Steve, do you think it&apos;s here? Yes or no? SJ: Oh! (Laughter) KB: I told you I&apos;d have the last laugh. (Laughter) SJ: I don&apos;t think it&apos;s there. KB: No? Good decision. (Laughter) (Applause) (Applause ends) Now, if I go this way, is there another cup over here? SJ: Can we do the left hand? KB: Oh, no, no, no. He asked me could he do the left hand. Absolutely not. (Laughter) KB: If I go this way, is there another cup? SJ: Yes. KB: Tell me when to stop. SJ: OK. KB: There? SJ: Yes, there&apos;s one. KB: OK. Do you think it&apos;s here, yes or no? This is your decision, not mine. (Laughter) SJ: I&apos;m going to say no. KB: Good decision. (Laughter) OK, give me both hands. Now, put them on both cups. Do you think the spike is under your left or your right hand? SJ: Neither. KB: Neither, oh, OK. But if you were to guess. (Laughter) SJ: Under my right hand. KB: Under your right hand? Now, remember, you made all the decisions all along. Psychologists, figure this out. (SJ gasps) Have a look. SJ: Oh! (Applause) KB: Thank you. (Applause ends) If anybody wants to see some sleight of hand later on, I&apos;ll be outside. Thank you. (Applause) Thank you. Thank you. (Applause)

Why eyewitnesses get it wrong
The murder happened a little over 21 years ago, January the 18th, 1991, in a small bedroom community of Lynwood, California, just a few miles southeast of Los Angeles. A father came out of his house to tell his teenage son and his five friends that it was time for them to stop horsing around on the front lawn and on the sidewalk, to get home, finish their schoolwork, and prepare themselves for bed. And as the father was administering these instructions, a car drove by, slowly, and just after it passed the father and the teenagers, a hand went out from the front passenger window, and -- &quot;Bam, Bam!&quot; -- killing the father. And the car sped off. The police, investigating officers, were amazingly efficient. They considered all the usual culprits, and in less than 24 hours, they had selected their suspect: Francisco Carrillo, a 17-year-old kid who lived about two or three blocks away from where the shooting occurred. They found photos of him. They prepared a photo array, and the day after the shooting, they showed it to one of the teenagers, and he said, &quot;That&apos;s the picture. That&apos;s the shooter I saw that killed the father.&quot; That was all a preliminary hearing judge had to listen to, to bind Mr. Carrillo over to stand trial for a first-degree murder. In the investigation that followed before the actual trial, each of the other five teenagers was shown photographs, the same photo array. The picture that we best can determine was probably the one that they were shown in the photo array is in your bottom left hand corner of these mug shots. The reason we&apos;re not sure absolutely is because of the nature of evidence preservation in our judicial system, but that&apos;s another whole TEDx talk for later. (Laughter) So at the actual trial, all six of the teenagers testified, and indicated the identifications they had made in the photo array. He was convicted. He was sentenced to life imprisonment, and transported to Folsom Prison. So what&apos;s wrong? Straightforward, fair trial, full investigation. Oh yes, no gun was ever found. No vehicle was ever identified as being the one in which the shooter had extended his arm, and no person was ever charged with being the driver of the shooter&apos;s vehicle. And Mr. Carrillo&apos;s alibi? Which of those parents here in the room might not lie concerning the whereabouts of your son or daughter in an investigation of a killing? Sent to prison, adamantly insisting on his innocence, which he has consistently for 21 years. So what&apos;s the problem? The problems, actually, for this kind of case come manyfold from decades of scientific research involving human memory. First of all, we have all the statistical analyses from the Innocence Project work, where we know that we have, what, 250, 280 documented cases now where people have been wrongfully convicted and subsequently exonerated, some from death row, on the basis of later DNA analysis, and you know that over three quarters of all of those cases of exoneration involved only eyewitness identification testimony during the trial that convicted them. We know that eyewitness identifications are fallible. The other comes from an interesting aspect of human memory that&apos;s related to various brain functions but I can sum up for the sake of brevity here in a simple line: The brain abhors a vacuum. Under the best of observation conditions, the absolute best, we only detect, encode and store in our brains bits and pieces of the entire experience in front of us, and they&apos;re stored in different parts of the brain. So now, when it&apos;s important for us to be able to recall what it was that we experienced, we have an incomplete, we have a partial store, and what happens? Below awareness, with no requirement for any kind of motivated processing, the brain fills in information that was not there, not originally stored, from inference, from speculation, from sources of information that came to you, as the observer, after the observation. But it happens without awareness such that you don&apos;t, aren&apos;t even cognizant of it occurring. It&apos;s called reconstructed memories. It happens to us in all the aspects of our life, all the time. It was those two considerations, among others -- reconstructed memory, the fact about the eyewitness fallibility -- that was part of the instigation for a group of appeal attorneys led by an amazing lawyer named Ellen Eggers to pool their experience and their talents together and petition a superior court for a retrial for Francisco Carrillo. They retained me, as a forensic neurophysiologist, because I had expertise in eyewitness memory identification, which obviously makes sense for this case, right? But also because I have expertise and testify about the nature of human night vision. Well, what&apos;s that got to do with this? Well, when you read through the case materials in this Carrillo case, one of the things that suddenly strikes you is that the investigating officers said the lighting was good at the crime scene, at the shooting. All the teenagers testified during the trial that they could see very well. But this occurred in mid-January, in the Northern Hemisphere, at 7 p.m. at night. So when I did the calculations for the lunar data and the solar data at that location on Earth at the time of the incident of the shooting, all right, it was well past the end of civil twilight and there was no moon up that night. So all the light in this area from the sun and the moon is what you see on the screen right here. The only lighting in that area had to come from artificial sources, and that&apos;s where I go out and I do the actual reconstruction of the scene with photometers, with various measures of illumination and various other measures of color perception, along with special cameras and high-speed film, right? Take all the measurements and record them, right? And then take photographs, and this is what the scene looked like at the time of the shooting from the position of the teenagers looking at the car going by and shooting. This is looking directly across the street from where they were standing. Remember, the investigating officers&apos; report said the lighting was good. The teenagers said they could see very well. This is looking down to the east, where the shooting vehicle sped off, and this is the lighting directly behind the father and the teenagers. As you can see, it is at best poor. No one&apos;s going to call this well-lit, good lighting, and in fact, as nice as these pictures are, and the reason we take them is I knew I was going to have to testify in court, and a picture is worth more than a thousand words when you&apos;re trying to communicate numbers, abstract concepts like lux, the international measurement of illumination, the Ishihara color perception test values. When you present those to people who are not well-versed in those aspects of science and that, they become salamanders in the noonday sun. It&apos;s like talking about the tangent of the visual angle, all right? Their eyes just glaze over, all right? A good forensic expert also has to be a good educator, a good communicator, and that&apos;s part of the reason why we take the pictures, to show not only where the light sources are, and what we call the spill, the distribution, but also so that it&apos;s easier for the trier of fact to understand the circumstances. So these are some of the pictures that, in fact, I used when I testified, but more importantly were, to me as a scientist, are those readings, the photometer readings, which I can then convert into actual predictions of the visual capability of the human eye under those circumstances, and from my readings that I recorded at the scene under the same solar and lunar conditions at the same time, so on and so forth, right, I could predict that there would be no reliable color perception, which is crucial for face recognition, and that there would be only scotopic vision, which means there would be very little resolution, what we call boundary or edge detection, and that furthermore, because the eyes would have been totally dilated under this light, the depth of field, the distance at which you can focus and see details, would have been less than 18 inches away. I testified to that to the court, and while the judge was very attentive, it had been a very, very long hearing for this petition for a retrial, and as a result, I noticed out of the corner of my eye that I thought that maybe the judge was going to need a little more of a nudge than just more numbers. And here I became a bit audacious, and I turned and I asked the judge, I said, &quot;Your Honor, I think you should go out and look at the scene yourself.&quot; Now I may have used a tone which was more like a dare than a request — (Laughter) — but nonetheless, it&apos;s to this man&apos;s credit and his courage that he said, &quot;Yes, I will.&quot; A shocker in American jurisprudence. So in fact, we found the same identical conditions, we reconstructed the entire thing again, he came out with an entire brigade of sheriff&apos;s officers to protect him in this community, all right? (Laughter) We had him stand actually slightly in the street, so closer to the suspect vehicle, the shooter vehicle, than the actual teenagers were, so he stood a few feet from the curb toward the middle of the street. We had a car that came by, same identical car as described by the teenagers, right? It had a driver and a passenger, and after the car had passed the judge by, the passenger extended his hand, pointed it back to the judge as the car continued on, just as the teenagers had described it, right? Now, he didn&apos;t use a real gun in his hand, so he had a black object in his hand that was similar to the gun that was described. He pointed by, and this is what the judge saw. This is the car 30 feet away from the judge. There&apos;s an arm sticking out of the passenger side and pointed back at you. That&apos;s 30 feet away. Some of the teenagers said that in fact the car was 15 feet away when it shot. Okay. There&apos;s 15 feet. At this point, I became a little concerned. This judge is someone you&apos;d never want to play poker with. He was totally stoic. I couldn&apos;t see a twitch of his eyebrow. I couldn&apos;t see the slightest bend of his head. I had no sense of how he was reacting to this, and after he looked at this reenactment, he turned to me and he says, &quot;Is there anything else you want me to look at?&quot; I said, &quot;Your honor,&quot; and I don&apos;t know whether I was emboldened by the scientific measurements that I had in my pocket and my knowledge that they are accurate, or whether it was just sheer stupidity, which is what the defense lawyers thought — (Laughter) — when they heard me say, &quot;Yes, Your Honor, I want you stand right there and I want the car to go around the block again and I want it to come and I want it to stop right in front of you, three to four feet away, and I want the passenger to extend his hand with a black object and point it right at you, and you can look at it as long as you want.&quot; And that&apos;s what he saw. (Laughter) You&apos;ll notice, which was also in my test report, all the dominant lighting is coming from the north side, which means that the shooter&apos;s face would have been photo-occluded. It would have been backlit. Furthermore, the roof of the car is causing what we call a shadow cloud inside the car which is making it darker. And this is three to four feet away. Why did I take the risk? I knew that the depth of field was 18 inches or less. Three to four feet, it might as well have been a football field away. This is what he saw. He went back, there was a few more days of evidence that was heard. At the end of it, he made the judgment that he was going to grant the petition for a retrial. And furthermore, he released Mr. Carrillo so that he could aid in the preparation of his own defense if the prosecution decided to retry him. Which they decided not to. He is now a freed man. (Applause) (Applause) This is him embracing his grandmother-in-law. He -- His girlfriend was pregnant when he went to trial, right? And she had a little baby boy. He and his son are both attending Cal State, Long Beach right now taking classes. (Applause) And what does this example -- what&apos;s important to keep in mind for ourselves? First of all, there&apos;s a long history of antipathy between science and the law in American jurisprudence. I could regale you with horror stories of ignorance over decades of experience as a forensic expert of just trying to get science into the courtroom. The opposing council always fight it and oppose it. One suggestion is that all of us become much more attuned to the necessity, through policy, through procedures, to get more science in the courtroom, and I think one large step toward that is more requirements, with all due respect to the law schools, of science, technology, engineering, mathematics for anyone going into the law, because they become the judges. Think about how we select our judges in this country. It&apos;s very different than most other cultures. All right? The other one that I want to suggest, the caution that all of us have to have, I constantly have to remind myself, about just how accurate are the memories that we know are true, that we believe in? There is decades of research, examples and examples of cases like this, where individuals really, really believe. None of those teenagers who identified him thought that they were picking the wrong person. None of them thought they couldn&apos;t see the person&apos;s face. We all have to be very careful. All our memories are reconstructed memories. They are the product of what we originally experienced and everything that&apos;s happened afterwards. They&apos;re dynamic. They&apos;re malleable. They&apos;re volatile, and as a result, we all need to remember to be cautious, that the accuracy of our memories is not measured in how vivid they are nor how certain you are that they&apos;re correct. Thank you. (Applause)

My wish: A call for open-source architecture
I&apos;m going to take you on a journey very quickly. To explain the wish, I&apos;m going to have to take you somewhere where many people haven&apos;t been, and that&apos;s around the world. When I was about 24 years old, Kate Stohr and myself started an organization to get architects and designers involved in humanitarian work, not only about responding to natural disasters, but involved in systemic issues. We believe that where the resources and expertise are scarce, innovative, sustainable design can really make a difference in people&apos;s lives. So I started my life as an architect, or training as an architect, and I was always interested in socially responsible design, and how you can really make an impact. But when I went to architecture school, it seemed that I was a black sheep in the family. Many architects seemed to think that when you design, you design a jewel, and it&apos;s a jewel that you try and crave for; whereas I felt that when you design, you either improve or you create a detriment to the community in which you&apos;re designing. So you&apos;re not just doing a building for the residents or for the people who are going to use it, but for the community as a whole. And in 1999, we started by responding to the issue of the housing crisis for returning refugees in Kosovo. And I didn&apos;t know what I was doing -- like I said, mid-20s -- and I&apos;m the Internet generation, so we started a website. We put a call out there, and to my surprise, in a couple of months, we had hundreds of entries from around the world. That led to a number of prototypes being built and really experimenting with some ideas. Two years later we started doing a project on developing mobile health clinics in sub-Saharan Africa, responding to the HIV/AIDS pandemic. That led to 550 entries from 53 countries. We also have designers from around the world that participate. And we had an exhibit of work that followed that. 2004 was the tipping point for us. We started responding to natural disasters and getting involved in Iran, in Bam, also following up on our work in Africa. Working within the United States -- most people look at poverty and they see the face of a foreigner. But I live in Bozeman, Montana -- go up to the north plains on the reservations, or go down to Alabama or Mississippi, pre-Katrina, and I could have shown you places that have far worse conditions than many developing countries that I&apos;ve been to. So we got involved in and worked in inner cities and elsewhere; and also, I will go into some more projects. 2005: Mother Nature kicked our ass. I think we can pretty much assume that 2005 was a horrific year when it comes to natural disasters. And because of the Internet, and because of connections to blogs and so forth, within literally hours of the tsunami, we were already raising funds, getting involved, working with people on the ground. We run from a couple of laptops, and in the first couple of days, I had 4,000 emails from people needing help. So we began to get involved in projects there, and I&apos;ll talk about some others. And then of course, this year we&apos;ve been responding to Katrina, as well as following up on our reconstruction work. So this is a brief overview. In 2004, I really couldn&apos;t manage the number of people who wanted to help, or the number of requests that I was getting. It was all coming into my laptop and cell phone. So we decided to embrace an open-source model of business -- so that anyone, anywhere in the world, could start a local chapter, and they can get involved in local problems. Because I believe there is no such thing as Utopia. All problems are local. All solutions are local. So that means, you know, somebody who&apos;s based in Mississippi knows more about Mississippi than I do. So what happened is, we used Meetup and all these other Internet tools, and we ended up having 40 chapters starting up, thousands of architects in 104 countries. So the bullet point -- sorry, I never do a suit, so I knew that I was going to take this off. OK, because I&apos;m going to do it very quick. This isn&apos;t just about nonprofit. What it showed me is that there&apos;s a grassroots movement going on, of socially responsible designers who really believe that this world has got a lot smaller, and that we have the opportunity -- not the responsibility, but the opportunity -- to really get involved in making change. (Laughter) (Laughter) I&apos;m adding that to my time. (Laughter) So what you don&apos;t know is, we&apos;ve got these thousands of designers working around the world, connected basically by a website, and we have a staff of three. The fact that nobody told us we couldn&apos;t do it, we did it. And so there&apos;s something to be said about naïveté. So seven years later, we&apos;ve developed so that we&apos;ve got advocacy, instigation and implementation. We advocate for good design, not only through student workshops and lectures and public forums, op-eds; we have a book on humanitarian work; but also disaster mitigation and dealing with public policy. We can talk about FEMA, but that&apos;s another talk. Instigation, developing ideas with communities and NGOs, doing open-source design competitions. Referring, matchmaking with communities. And then implementing -- actually going out there and doing the work, because when you invent, it&apos;s never a reality until it&apos;s built. So it&apos;s really important that if we&apos;re designing and trying to create change, we build that change. So here&apos;s a select number of projects. Kosovo. This is Kosovo in &apos;99. We did an open design competition, like I said. It led to a whole variety of ideas. And this wasn&apos;t about emergency shelter, but transitional shelter that would last five to 10 years, that would be placed next to the land the resident lived in, and that they would rebuild their own home. This wasn&apos;t imposing an architecture on a community; this was giving them the tools and the space to allow them to rebuild and regrow the way they want to. We had from the sublime to the ridiculous, but they worked. This is an inflatable hemp house. It was built; it works. This is a shipping container. Built and works. And a whole variety of ideas that not only dealt with architectural building, but also the issues of governance, and the idea of creating communities through complex networks. So we&apos;ve engaged not just designers, but also a whole variety of technology-based professionals. Using rubble from destroyed homes to create new homes. Using straw bale construction, creating heat walls. And then something remarkable happened in &apos;99. We went to Africa originally to look at the housing issue. Within three days, we realized the problem was not housing; it was the growing pandemic of HIV/AIDS. And it wasn&apos;t doctors telling us this; it was actual villagers that we were staying with. And so we came up with the bright idea that instead of getting people to walk 10, 15 kilometers to see doctors, you get the doctors to the people. And we started engaging the medical community, and you know, we thought we were real bright sparks -- &quot;We&apos;ve come up with this great idea: mobile health clinics, widely distributed throughout sub-Saharan Africa.&quot; And the medical community there said, &quot;We&apos;ve said this for the last decade. We know this. We just don&apos;t know how to show this.&quot; So in a way, we had taken pre-existing needs and shown solutions. And so again, we had a whole variety of ideas that came in. This one I personally love, because the idea is that architecture is not just about solutions, but about raising awareness. This is a kenaf clinic. You get seed and you grow it in a plot of land, and it grows 14 feet in a month. And on the fourth week, the doctors come and they mow out an area, put a tensile structure on the top, and when the doctors have finished treating and seeing patients and villagers, you cut down the clinic and you eat it. It&apos;s an eat-your-own-clinic. So it&apos;s dealing with the fact that if you have AIDS, you also need to have nutrition rates, and the idea of nutrition is as important as getting antiretrovirals out there. So you know, this is a serious solution. This one I love. The idea is it&apos;s not just a clinic, it&apos;s a community center. This looked at setting up trade routes and economic engines within the community, so it can be a self-sustaining project. Every one of these projects is sustainable. That&apos;s not because I&apos;m a tree-hugging green person. It&apos;s because when you live on four dollars a day, you&apos;re living on survival and you have to be sustainable. You have to know where your energy is coming from, you have to know where your resource is coming from, and you have to keep the maintenance down. So this is about getting an economic engine, and then at night, it turns into a movie theater. So it&apos;s not an AIDS clinic. It&apos;s a community center. So you can see ideas. And these ideas developed into prototypes, and they were eventually built. And currently, as of this year, there are clinics rolling out in Nigeria and Kenya. From that, we also developed Siyathemba. The community came to us and said, &quot;The problem is that the girls don&apos;t have education.&quot; And we&apos;re working in an area where young women between the ages of 16 and 24 have a 50 percent HIV/AIDS rate. And that&apos;s not because they&apos;re promiscuous, it&apos;s because there&apos;s no knowledge. And so we decided to look at the idea of sports, and create a youth sports center that doubled as an HIV/AIDS outreach center, and the coaches of the girls&apos; team were also trained doctors. So that there would be a very slow way of developing confidence in health care. And we picked nine finalists, and then those nine finalists were distributed throughout the entire region, and then the community picked their design. They said, this is our design, because it&apos;s not only about engaging a community; it&apos;s about empowering a community, and about getting them to be a part of the rebuilding process. So, the winning design is here. And then, of course, we actually go and work with the community and the clients. So this is the designer. He&apos;s out there working with the first ever women&apos;s soccer team in KwaZulu-Natal, Siyathemba. And they can tell it better. (A cappella singing in a South African language) Video: Well, my name is Cee Cee Mkhonza. I work at the Africa Centre, I&apos;m an IT user consultant. I&apos;m also the national football player for South Africa, Banyana Banyana. And I also play in the Vodacom League, for the team called Tembisa, which has now changed to Siyathemba. This is our home ground. Cameron Sinclair: I&apos;m going to show that later because I&apos;m running out of time. I can see Chris looking at me slyly. This was a connection, just a meeting with somebody who wanted to develop Africa&apos;s first telemedicine center, in Tanzania. And we met, literally, a couple of months ago. We&apos;ve already developed a design. The team is over there, working in partnership. This was a matchmaking, thanks to a couple of TEDsters -- Sun [Microsystems], Cheryl Heller and Andrew Zolli, who connected me with this amazing African woman. And we start construction in June, and it will be opened by TEDGlobal. So when you come to TEDGlobal, you can check it out. But what we&apos;re known probably most for is dealing with disasters and development, and we&apos;ve been involved in a lot of issues, such as the tsunami and also things like Hurricane Katrina. This is a 370-dollar shelter that can be easily assembled. This is a community-designed community center. And what that means is we actually live and work with the community, and they&apos;re part of the design process. The kids actually get involved in mapping out where the community center should be. And then eventually, the community, through skills training, end up building the building with us. Here is another school. This is what the UN gave these guys for six months -- 12 plastic tarps. This was in August. This was the replacement; that&apos;s supposed to last for two years. When the rain comes down, you can&apos;t hear a thing, and in the summer, it&apos;s about 140 degrees inside. So we said, if the rain&apos;s coming down, let&apos;s get fresh water. So every one of our schools has a rainwater collection system. Very low cost: three classrooms and rainwater collection is 5,000 dollars. This was raised by hot chocolate sales in Atlanta. It&apos;s built by the parents of the kids. The kids are out there on-site, building the buildings. And it opened a couple of weeks ago, and there&apos;s 600 kids that are now using the schools. (Applause) So, disaster hits home. We see the bad stories on CNN and Fox and all that, but we don&apos;t see the good stories. Here is a community that got together, and they said &quot;no&quot; to waiting. They formed a partnership, a diverse partnership of players, to actually map out East Biloxi, to figure out who&apos;s getting involved. We&apos;ve had over 1,500 volunteers rebuilding, rehabbing homes. Figuring out what FEMA regulations are, not waiting for them to dictate to us how you should rebuild. Working with residents, getting them out of their homes, so they don&apos;t get ill. This is what they&apos;re cleaning up on their own. Designing housing. This house is going in in a couple of weeks. This is a rehabbed home, done in four days. This is a utility room for a woman who is on a walker. She&apos;s 70 years old. This is what FEMA gave her. 600 bucks, happened two days ago. We put together, very quickly, a washroom. It&apos;s built, it&apos;s running and she just started a business today, where she&apos;s washing other people&apos;s clothes. These are the Calhouns. They&apos;re photographers who had documented the Lower Ninth for the last 40 years. That was their home, and these are the photographs they took. And we&apos;re helping, working with them to create a new building. Projects we&apos;ve done. Projects we&apos;ve been a part of, support. Why don&apos;t aid agencies do this? This is the UN tent. This is the new UN tent, just introduced this year. Quick to assemble. It&apos;s got a flap -- that&apos;s the invention. It took 20 years to design this and get it implemented in the field. I was 12 years old. There&apos;s a problem here. Luckily, we&apos;re not alone. There are hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of architects and designers and inventors around the world that are getting involved in humanitarian work. More hemp houses -- it&apos;s a theme in Japan, apparently. I&apos;m not sure what they&apos;re smoking. (Laughter) This is a Grip Clip, designed by somebody who said, &quot;All you need is some way to attach membrane structures to physical support beams.&quot; This guy designed for NASA, is now doing housing. I&apos;m going to whip through this quickly, because I know I&apos;ve got only a couple of minutes. So this is all done in the last two years. I showed you something that took 20 years to do. And this is just a selection of things that were built in the last couple of years. From Brazil to India, Mexico, Alabama, China, Israel, Palestine, Vietnam. The average age of a designer who gets involved in this project is 32 -- that&apos;s how old I am. So it&apos;s a young -- I just have to stop here, because Arup is in the room, and this is the best-designed toilet in the world. If you&apos;re ever, ever in India, go use this toilet. (Laughter) Chris Luebkeman will tell you why. I&apos;m sure that&apos;s how he wanted to spend the party. But the future is not going to be the sky-scraping cities of New York, but this. And when you look at this, you see crisis. What I see is many, many inventors. One billion people live in abject poverty. We hear about them all the time. Four billion live in growing but fragile economies. One in seven live in unplanned settlements. If we do nothing about the housing crisis that&apos;s about to happen, in 20 years, one in three people will live in an unplanned settlement or a refugee camp. Look left, look right: one of you will be there. How do we improve the living standards of five billion people? With 10 million solutions. So I wish to develop a community that actively embraces innovative and sustainable design to improve the living conditions for everyone. Chris Anderson: Wait a sec -- that&apos;s your wish? CS: That&apos;s my wish. CA: That&apos;s his wish! (Applause) CS: We started Architecture for Humanity with 700 dollars and a website. So Chris somehow decided to give me 100,000. So why not this many people? Open-source architecture is the way to go. You have a diverse community of participants -- and we&apos;re not just talking about inventors and designers, but we&apos;re talking about the funding model. My role is not as a designer; it&apos;s as a conduit between the design world and the humanitarian world. And what we need is something that replicates me globally, because I haven&apos;t slept in seven years. (Laughter) Secondly, what will this thing be? Designers want to respond to issues of humanitarian crisis, but they don&apos;t want some company in the West taking their idea and basically profiting from it. So Creative Commons has developed the Developing Nations license. And what that means is that a designer can -- The Siyathemba project I showed was the first ever building to have a Creative Commons license on it. As soon as that is built, anyone in Africa or any developing nation can take the construction documents and replicate it for free. (Applause) So why not allow designers the opportunity to do this, but still protect their rights here? We want to have a community where you can upload ideas, and those ideas can be tested in an earthquake, in flood, in all sorts of austere environments. The reason that&apos;s important is I don&apos;t want to wait for the next Katrina to find out if my house works. That&apos;s too late, we need to do it now. So doing that globally -- and I want this whole thing to work multi-lingually. When you look at the face of an architect, most people think a gray-haired white guy. I don&apos;t see that; I see the face of the world. So I want everyone from all over the planet to be able to be a part of this design and development. The idea of needs-based competitions -- XPRIZE for the other 98 percent, if you want to call it that. We also want to look at ways of matchmaking and putting funding partners together, and the idea of integrating manufacturers -- fab labs in every country. When I hear about the $100 laptop and it&apos;s going to educate every child -- educate every designer in the world. Put one in every favela, every slum settlement. Because you know what? Innovation will happen. And I need to know that. It&apos;s called the leap-back. We talk about leapfrog technologies. I write with Worldchanging, and the one thing we&apos;ve been talking about is, I learn more on the ground than I&apos;ve ever learned here. So let&apos;s take those ideas, adapt them, and we can use them. These ideas are supposed to be adaptable; they should have the potential for evolution; they should be developed by every nation in the world and useful for every nation in the world. What will it take? There should be a sheet. I don&apos;t have time to read this, because I&apos;m going to be yanked off. CA: Let&apos;s just leave it up for a sec. CS: Well, what will it take? You guys are smart. So it&apos;s going to take a lot of computing power, because I want the idea that any laptop anywhere in the world can plug into the system and be able to not only participate in developing these designs, but utilize the designs. Also, a process of reviewing the designs. I want every Arup engineer in the world to check and make sure that we&apos;re doing stuff that&apos;s standing, because those guys are the best in the world. Plug. And so, you know, I want these -- I just should note: I have two laptops and one of them is there, and that has 3000 designs on it. If I drop that laptop ... What happens? So it&apos;s important to have these proven ideas put up there, easy to use, easy to get ahold of. My mom once said, &quot;There&apos;s nothing worse than being all mouth and no trousers.&quot; (Laughter) I&apos;m fed up of talking about making change. You only make it by doing it. We&apos;ve changed FEMA guidelines; we&apos;ve changed public policy; we&apos;ve changed international response -- based on building things. So for me, it&apos;s important that we create a real conduit for innovation, and that it&apos;s free innovation. Think of free culture -- this is free innovation. Somebody said this a couple of years back. I will give points for those who know it. But I think the man was maybe 25 years too early. So let&apos;s do it. Thank you. (Applause)

Where are the baby dinosaurs?
Shall I ask for a show of hands or a clapping of people in different generations? I&apos;m interested in how many are three to 12 years old. (Laughter) None, huh? (Laughter) All right. I&apos;m going to talk about dinosaurs. Do you remember dinosaurs when you were that age? (Applause) Dinosaurs are kind of funny, you know. (Laughter) We&apos;re going to kind of go in a different direction right now. I hope you all realize that. So I&apos;ll just give you my message up front: Try not to go extinct. (Laughter) That&apos;s it. (Laughter) People ask me a lot -- in fact, one of the most asked questions I get is, why do children like dinosaurs so much? What&apos;s the fascination? And I usually just say, &quot;Well, dinosaurs were big, different and gone.&quot; They&apos;re all gone. Well that&apos;s not true, but we&apos;ll get to the goose in a minute. So that&apos;s sort of the theme: big, different and gone. The title of my talk: Shape-shifting Dinosaurs: The cause of a premature extinction. Now I assume that we remember dinosaurs. And there&apos;s lots of different shapes. Lots of different kinds. A long time ago, back in the early 1900s, museums were out looking for dinosaurs. They went out and gathered them up. And this is an interesting story. Every museum wanted a little bigger or better one than anybody else had. So if the museum in Toronto went out and collected a Tyrannosaur, a big one, then the museum in Ottawa wanted a bigger one, and a better one. And that happened for all museums. So everyone was out looking for all these bigger and better dinosaurs. And this was in the early 1900s. By about 1970, some scientists were sitting around and they thought, &quot;What in the world -- Look at these dinosaurs, they&apos;re all big. Where are all the little ones?&quot; (Laughter) And they thought about it and they even wrote papers about it: &quot;Where are the little dinosaurs?&quot; (Laughter) Well, go to a museum, you&apos;ll see, see how many baby dinosaurs there are. People assumed -- and this was actually a problem -- people assumed that if they had little dinosaurs, if they had juvenile dinosaurs, they&apos;d be easy to identify. You&apos;d have a big dinosaur and a littler dinosaur. (Laughter) But all they had were big dinosaurs. And it comes down to a couple of things. First off, scientists have egos, and scientists like to name dinosaurs. They like to name anything. Everybody likes to have their own animal that they named. (Laughter) And so every time they found something that looked a little different, they named it something different. And what happened, of course, is we ended up with a whole bunch of different dinosaurs. In 1975, a light went on in somebody&apos;s head. Dr. Peter Dodson at the University of Pennsylvania actually realized that dinosaurs grew kind of like birds do, which is different than the way reptiles grow. And in fact, he used the cassowary as an example. And it&apos;s kind of cool -- if you look at the cassowary, or any of the birds that have crests on their heads, they grow to about 80 percent adult size before the crest starts to grow. Now think about that. They&apos;re basically retaining their juvenile characteristics very late in what we call ontogeny. So allometric cranial ontogeny is relative skull growth. So you can see that if you actually found one that was 80 percent grown and you didn&apos;t know that it was going to grow up to a cassowary, you would think they were two different animals. So this was a problem, and Peter Dodson pointed this out using some duck-billed dinosaurs then called Hypacrosaurus. And he showed that if you were to take a baby and an adult and make an average of what it should look like, if it grew in sort of a linear fashion, it would have a crest about half the size of the adult. But the actual subadult at 65 percent had no crest at all. So this was interesting. So this is where people went astray again. I mean, if they&apos;d have just taken that, taken Peter Dodson&apos;s work, and gone on with that, then we would have a lot less dinosaurs than we have. But scientists have egos; they like to name things. And so they went on naming dinosaurs because they were different. Now we have a way of actually testing to see whether a dinosaur, or any animal, is a young one or an older one. And that&apos;s by actually cutting into their bones. But cutting into the bones of a dinosaur is hard to do, as you can imagine, because in museums, bones are precious. You go into a museum, and they take really good care of them. They put them in foam, little containers. They&apos;re very well taken care of. They don&apos;t like it if you come in and want to saw them open and look inside. (Laughter) So they don&apos;t normally let you do that. (Laughter) But I have a museum and I collect dinosaurs and I can saw mine open. So that&apos;s what I do. (Applause) So if you cut open a little dinosaur, it&apos;s very spongy inside, like A. And if you cut into an older dinosaur, it&apos;s very massive. You can tell it&apos;s mature bone. So it&apos;s real easy to tell them apart. So what I want to do is show you these. In North America in the northern plains of the United States and the southern plains of Alberta and Saskatchewan, there&apos;s this unit of rock called the Hell Creek Formation that produces the last dinosaurs that lived on Earth. And there are 12 of them that everyone recognizes -- I mean the 12 primary dinosaurs that went extinct. And so we will evaluate them. And that&apos;s sort of what I&apos;ve been doing. So my students, my staff, we&apos;ve been cutting them open. Now as you can imagine, cutting open a leg bone is one thing, but when you go to a museum and say, &quot;You don&apos;t mind if I cut open your dinosaur&apos;s skull, do you?&quot; they say, &quot;Go away.&quot; (Laughter) So here are 12 dinosaurs. And we want to look at these three first. So these are dinosaurs that are called Pachycephalosaurus. And everybody knows that these three animals are related. And the assumption is that they&apos;re related like cousins or whatever. But no one ever considered that they might be more closely related. In other words, people looked at them and they saw the differences. And you all know that if you are going to determine whether you&apos;re related to your brother or your sister, you can&apos;t do it by looking at differences. You can only determine relatedness by looking for similarities. So people were looking at these and they were talking about how different they are. Pachycephalosaurus has a big, thick dome on its head, and it&apos;s got some little bumps on the back of its head, and it&apos;s got a bunch of gnarly things on the end of its nose. And then Stygimoloch, another dinosaur from the same age, lived at the same time, has spikes sticking out the back of its head. It&apos;s got a little, tiny dome, and it&apos;s got a bunch of gnarly stuff on its nose. And then there&apos;s this thing called Dracorex hogwartsia. Guess where that came from? Dragon. So here&apos;s a dinosaur that has spikes sticking out of its head, no dome and gnarly stuff on its nose. Nobody noticed the gnarly stuff sort of looked alike. But they did look at these three and they said, &quot;These are three different dinosaurs, and Dracorex is probably the most primitive of them. And the other one is more primitive than the other.&quot; It&apos;s unclear to me how they actually sorted these three of them out. But if you line them up, if you just take those three skulls and just line them up, they line up like this. Dracorex is the littlest one, Stygimoloch is the middle-size one, Pachycephalosaurus is the largest one. And one would think, that should give me a clue. (Laughter) But it didn&apos;t give them a clue. (Laughter) Because, well we know why. Scientists like to name things. So if we cut open Dracorex -- I cut open our Dracorex -- and look, it was spongy inside, really spongy inside. I mean, it is a juvenile and it&apos;s growing really fast. So it is going to get bigger. If you cut open Stygimoloch, it is doing the same thing. The dome, that little dome, is growing really fast. It&apos;s inflating very fast. What&apos;s interesting is the spike on the back of the Dracorex was growing very fast as well. The spikes on the back of the Stygimoloch are actually resorbing, which means they&apos;re getting smaller as that dome is getting bigger. And if we look at Pachycephalosaurus, Pachycephalosaurus has a solid dome and its little bumps on the back of its head were also resorbing. So just with these three dinosaurs, as a scientist, we can easily hypothesize that it is just a growth series of the same animal. Which of course means that Stygimoloch and Dracorex are extinct. (Laughter) OK. (Laughter) Which of course means we have 10 primary dinosaurs to deal with. So a colleague of mine at Berkeley -- he and I were looking at Triceratops. And before the year 2000 -- now remember, Triceratops was first found in the 1800s -- before 2000, no one had ever seen a juvenile Triceratops. There&apos;s a Triceratops in every museum in the world, but no one had ever collected a juvenile. And we know why, right? Because everybody wants to have a big one. So everyone had a big one. So we went out and collected a whole bunch of stuff and we found a whole bunch of little ones. They&apos;re everywhere, they&apos;re all over the place. So we have a whole bunch of them at our museum. (Laughter) And everybody says it&apos;s because I have a little museum. When you have a little museum, you have little dinosaurs. (Laughter) If you look at the Triceratops, you can see it&apos;s changing, it&apos;s shape-shifting. As the juveniles are growing up, their horns actually curve backwards. And then as they get older, the horns grow forward. And that&apos;s pretty cool. If you look along the edge of the frill, they have these little triangular bones that actually grow big as triangles and then they flatten against the frill pretty much like the spikes do on the Pachycephalosaurs. And then, because the juveniles are in my collection, I cut them open ... (Laughter) and look inside. And the little one is really spongy. And the middle-size one is really spongy. But what was interesting was the adult Triceratops was also spongy. And this is a skull that is two meters long. It&apos;s a big skull. But there&apos;s another dinosaur that is found in this formation that looks like a Triceratops, except it&apos;s bigger, and it&apos;s called Torosaurus. And Torosaurus, when we cut into it, has mature bone. But it&apos;s got these big holes in its shield. And everybody says, &quot;A Triceratops and a Torosaurus can&apos;t possibly be the same animal because one of them&apos;s bigger than the other one.&quot; (Laughter) &quot;And it has holes in its frill.&quot; And I said, &quot;Well do we have any juvenile Torosauruses?&quot; And they said, &quot;Well, no, but it has holes in its frill.&quot; So one of my graduate students, John Scannella, looked through our whole collection and he actually discovered that the hole starting to form in Triceratops and, of course it&apos;s open, in Torosaurus -- so he found the transitional ones between Triceratops and Torosaurus, which was pretty cool. So now we know that Torosaurus is actually a grown-up Triceratops. Now when we name dinosaurs, when we name anything, the original name gets to stick and the second name is thrown out. So Torosaurus is extinct. Triceratops, if you&apos;ve heard the news, a lot of the newscasters got it all wrong. They thought Torosaurus should be kept and Triceratops thrown out, but that&apos;s not going to happen. (Laughter) All right, so we can do this with a bunch of dinosaurs. I mean, here&apos;s Edmontosaurus and Anatotitan. Anatotitan: giant duck. It&apos;s a giant duck-bill dinosaur. Here&apos;s another one. So we look at the bone histology. The bone histology tells us that Edmontosaurus is a juvenile, or at least a subadult, and the other one is an adult, and we have an ontogeny. And we get rid of Anatotitan. So we can just keep doing this. And the last one is T. Rex. So there&apos;s these two dinosaurs, T. Rex and Nanotyrannus. (Laughter) Again, it makes you wonder. (Laughter) But they had a good question. They were looking at them and they said, &quot;One&apos;s got 17 teeth, and the biggest one&apos;s got 12 teeth. And that doesn&apos;t make any sense at all, because we don&apos;t know of any dinosaurs that gain teeth as they get older. So it must be true -- they must be different.&quot; So we cut into them. And sure enough, Nanotyrannus has juvenile bone and the bigger one has more mature bone. It looks like it could still get bigger. And at the Museum of the Rockies where we work, I have four T. rexes, so I can cut a whole bunch of them. But I didn&apos;t have to cut any of them really, because I just lined up their jaws and it turned out the biggest one had 12 teeth and the next smallest one had 13 and the next smallest had 14. And of course, Nano has 17. And we just went out and looked at other people&apos;s collections and we found one that has sort of 15 teeth. So again, real easy to say that Tyrannosaurus ontogeny included Nanotyrannus, and therefore we can take out another dinosaur. (Laughter) So when it comes down to our end Cretaceous, we have seven left. And that&apos;s a good number. That&apos;s a good number to go extinct, I think. Now as you can imagine, this is not very popular with fourth-graders. (Laughter) Fourth-graders love their dinosaurs, they memorize them. And they&apos;re not happy with this. (Laughter) Thank you very much. (Applause)

The mysterious lives of giant trees
The north coast of California has rainforests -- temperate rainforests -- where it can rain more than 100 inches a year. This is the realm of the Coast Redwood tree. Its species name is Sequoia sempervirens. Sequoia sempervirens is the tallest living organism on Earth. The range of the species goes up to as much as 380 feet tall. That&apos;s 38 stories tall. These are trees that would stand out in midtown Manhattan. Nobody knows how old the oldest living Coast Redwoods are because nobody has ever drilled into any of them to count their annual growth rings, and, in any case, the centers of the oldest individuals appear to be hollow. But it&apos;s believed that the oldest living Redwoods are perhaps 2,500 years old -- roughly the age of the Parthenon -- although it&apos;s also suspected that there may be individual trees that are older than that. You can see the range of the Coast Redwoods. It&apos;s here, in red. The largest individuals of this species, the dreadnoughts of their kind, live just on the north coast of California, where the rain is really intense. In recent historic times, about 96 percent of the Coast Redwood forest was cut down, especially in a series of bursts of intense liquidation logging, clear-cutting that took place in the 1970s through the early 1990s. Even so, about four percent of the primeval Redwood rainforest remains intact, wild and now protected -- entirely protected -- in a chain of small parks strung out like pearls along the north coast of California, including Redwood National Park. But curiously, Redwood rainforests, the fragments that we have left, to this day remain under-explored. Redwood rainforest is incredibly difficult to move through, and even today, individual trees are being discovered that have never been seen before, including, in the summer of 2006, Hyperion, the world&apos;s tallest tree. I&apos;m going to do a little Gedanken experiment. I&apos;m going to ask you to imagine what a Redwood really is as a living organism. And, Chris, if I could have you up here? I have a tape measure. It&apos;s a kind loaner from TED. And Chris, if you could take the end of that tape measure? We&apos;re going to show you what the diameter at breast height of a big Redwood is. Unfortunately, this tape isn&apos;t long enough -- it&apos;s only a 25-foot tape. Chris, could you extend your arm out that way? There we go. OK. And maybe about here, about 30 feet, is the diameter of a big Redwood. Now, let your imagination go upward into space. Think about this tree, rising upward into Redwood space, 325 feet, 32 stories, an individual living organism articulating its forms upward into space over long periods of time. The Redwood species seems to exist in another kind of time: not human time, but what we might call Redwood time. Redwood time moves at a more stately pace than human time. To us, when we look at a Redwood tree, it seems to be motionless and still, and yet Redwoods are constantly in motion, moving upward into space, articulating themselves and filling Redwood space over Redwood time, over thousands of years. Plant this small seed, wait 2,000 years, and you get this: the Lost Monarch. It dwells in the Grove of Titans on the north coast, and was discovered in 1998. And yet, when you look at the base of a Redwood tree, you&apos;re not seeing the organism. You&apos;re like a mouse looking at the foot of an elephant, and most of the organism is overhead, unseen. I became very interested, and I wrote about a couple. Steve Sillett and Marie Antoine are the principal explorers of the Redwood forest canopy. They&apos;re world-class athletes, and they also are world-class forest ecology scientists. Steve Sillett, when he was a 19-year-old college student at Reed College, had heard that the Redwood forest canopy is considered to be a so-called Redwood desert. That is to say, at that time it was believed that there was nothing up there except the branches of Redwood trees. And with a friend of his, he took it upon himself to free-climb a Redwood without ropes or any equipment to see what was up there. He climbed up a small tree next to this giant Redwood, and then he leaped through space and grabbed a branch with his hands, and ended up hanging, like catching a bar of a trapeze. And then, from there, he climbed directly up the bark until he got to the top of the tree. His friend, a guy named Marwood Harris, was following behind. Neither one of them had noticed that there was a Yellow Jacket wasp&apos;s nest the size of a bowling ball hanging from the branch that Steve had jumped into. And when Marwood made the jump, he was covered with wasps stinging him in the face and eyes. He nearly let go. He would have fallen to his death, being 75 feet above the ground. But they made it to the top, and what they found was not a Redwood desert, but a lost world -- a kind of three-dimensional labyrinth in the air, filled with unknown life. Now, I had been working on other topics: the emergence of infectious diseases, which come out of the natural ecosystems of the Earth, make a trans-species jump, and get into humans. After three books on this, it got to be a bit much, in a way. My wife and I adore our children. And I began climbing trees with my kids as just something to do with them, using the so-called arborist climbing technique, with ropes. You use ropes to get yourself up into the crown of a tree. Children are incredibly adept at climbing trees. That&apos;s my son, Oliver. They don&apos;t seem to suffer from the same fear of heights that humans do. (Laughter) If ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny, then children are somewhat closer to our roots as primates in the arboreal forest. Humans appear to be the only primates that I know of that are afraid of heights. All other primates, when they&apos;re scared, they run up a tree, where they feel safe. We camped overnight in the trees, in tree boats. This is my daughter Laura, then 15, looking out of a tree boat. She&apos;s, by the way, tied in with a rope so she can&apos;t fall. Looking out of a tree boat in the morning and hearing birdsong coming in three dimensions around us. We had been visited in the night by flying squirrels, who don&apos;t seem to recognize humans for what they are because they&apos;ve never seen them in the canopy before. And we practiced advanced techniques like sky-walking, where you can move from tree to tree through space, rather like Spiderman. It became a writing project. When Steve Sillett gets up into a big Redwood, he fires an arrow, which trails a fishing line, which gets over a branch in the tree, and then you ascend up a rope which has been dragged into the tree by the line. You ascend 30 stories. There are two people climbing this tree, Gaya, which is thought to be one of the oldest Redwoods. There they are. They are only one-seventh of the way up that tree. You do feel a sense of exposure. There is a small person right down there on the ground. You feel like you&apos;re climbing a wall of wood. But then you enter the Redwood canopy, and it&apos;s like coming through a layer of clouds. And all of a sudden, you lose sight of the ground, and you also lose sight of the sky, and you&apos;re in a three-dimensional labyrinth in the air filled with hanging gardens of ferns growing out of soil, which is populated with all kinds of small organisms. There are epiphytes, plants that grow on trees. These are huckleberry bushes. Many species of mosses, and then all sorts of lichens just plastering the tree. When you get near the top of the tree, you feel like you can&apos;t fall -- in fact, it&apos;s difficult to move. You&apos;re worming your way through branches which are crowded with living things that don&apos;t occur near the ground. It&apos;s like scuba diving into a coral reef, except you&apos;re going upward instead of downward. And then the trees tend to flare out into platform-like areas at the top. Maria&apos;s sitting on one of them. These limbs could be five to six hundred years old. Redwoods grow very slowly in their tops. They also have a feature: thickets of huckleberry bushes that grow out of the tops of Redwood trees that are technically known as huckleberry afros, and you can sit there and snack on the berries while you&apos;re resting. Redwoods have an enormous surface area that extends upward into space because they have a propensity to do something called reiteration. A Redwood is a fractal. And as they put out limbs, the limbs burst into small trees, copies of the Redwood. Now, here we see a reiteration in Chronos, one of the older Redwoods. This reiteration is a huge flying buttress that comes out the tree itself. This buttress is less than halfway up the tree. And then it bursts into a forest of Redwoods. This particular extra trunk is a meter across at the base and extends upward for 150 feet. It&apos;s as big as any of the biggest trees east of the Mississippi River, and yet it&apos;s only a minor feature on Chronos. This three-dimensional map of the crown structure of a Redwood named Iluvatar, made by Steve Sillett, Marie Antoine and their colleagues, gives you an idea. What you&apos;re seeing here is a hierarchical schematic development of the trunks of this tree as it has elaborated itself over time into six layers of fractal, of trunks springing from trunks springing from trunks. I asked Steve to put a human being in this to give a sense of scale. There&apos;s the person, right there. The person is waving to us. I&apos;ve wanted to ask Craig Venter if it would be possible to insert a synthetic chromosome into a human so that we could reiterate ourselves if we wanted to. And if we were able to reiterate, then the fingers of our hand would be people who looked like us, and they would have people on their hands and so on. And if we had Redwood-like biology, we would have six layers of people on our hands, as it were. And it would be a lovely thing to be able to wave to someone and have all our reiterations wave at the same time. (Laughter) To reiterate the point, let&apos;s go closer into Iluvatar. We&apos;re looking at that yellow box. And this hallucinatory drawing shows you -- everything you see in this drawing is Iluvatar. These are millennial structures -- portions of the tree that are believed to be more than 1,000 years old. There are four humans in this shot -- one, two, three, four. And there&apos;s also something that I want to show you. This is a flying buttress. Redwoods grow back into themselves as they expand into space, and this flying buttress is a limb shot out of that small trunk, going back into the main trunk and fusing with it. Flying buttresses, just as in a cathedral, help strengthen the crown of the tree and help the tree exist longer through time. The scientists are doing all kinds of experiments in these trees. They&apos;ve wired them like patients in an ICU. They&apos;re finding out that Redwoods can move moisture out of the air and down into their trunks, possibly all the way into their root systems. They also have the ability to put roots anywhere in the tree itself. If a portion of a Redwood is rotting, the Redwood will send roots into its own form and draw nutrients out of itself as it falls apart. If we had Redwood-like biology, if we got a touch of gangrene in our arm then we could just, you know, extract the nutrients extract the nutrients and the moisture out of it until it fell off. Canopy soil can occur up to a meter deep, hundreds of feet above the ground, and there are organisms in this soil that have, as yet, no names. This is an unnamed species of copepod. A copepod is a crustacean. These copepods are a major constituent of the oceans, and they are a major part of the diet of grazing baleen whales. What they&apos;re doing in the Redwood forest canopy soil hundreds of feet above the ocean, or how they got there, is completely unknown. There are some interesting theories that, if I had time, I would tell you about. But as you go and you look closer at a tree, what you see is, you see increasing complexity. We&apos;re looking at the very top of Gaya, which is thought to be the oldest Redwood. Gaya may be 3,000 to 5,000 years old, no one really knows, but its top has broken off and it&apos;s been rotting back now. This little Japanese garden-like creation probably took 700 years to form in its complexity that we see right now. As you look at a tree, it takes a magnifying glass to see a giant tree. I have to show you something unfortunately very sad at the conclusion of this talk. The Eastern Hemlock tree has often been described as the Redwood of the East. And we&apos;re moving in a full circle now. In the 1950s, a small organism appeared in Richmond, Virginia, called the Hemlock woolly adelgid. It made a trans-species jump out of some other organism in Asia, where it was living on Hemlock trees in Asia. When it moved into its new host, the Eastern Hemlock tree, it escaped its predators, and the new tree had no resistance to it. The Eastern Hemlock forest is being considered in some ways the last fragments of primeval rainforest east of the Mississippi River. I hadn&apos;t even known that there were rainforests in the east, but in Great Smoky Mountains National Park it can rain up to 100 inches of rain a year. And in the last two to three summers, these invasive organisms, this kind of Ebola of the trees, as it were, has swept through the primeval Hemlock forest of the east, and has absolutely wiped it out. I climbed there this past summer. This is Great Smoky Mountains National Park, and the Hemlocks are dead as far as the eye can see. And what we&apos;re seeing is not just the potential death of the Eastern Hemlock species -- that is to say, its extinction from nature due to this invading parasite -- but we&apos;re also seeing the death of an incredibly complex ecosystem for which these trees are merely the substrate for the aerial labyrinth of the sky that exists in their crowns. It&apos;s absolutely heartbreaking to see. One of the things that is just -- I almost can&apos;t conceive it -- is the idea that the national news media hasn&apos;t picked this up at all, and this is the devastation of one of the most important ecosystems in North America. What can the Redwoods tell us about ourselves? Well, I think they can tell us something about human time. The flickering, transitory quality of human time and the brevity of human life -- the necessity to love. But we&apos;re different from trees, and they can also teach us something about ourselves in the differences that we have. We are human, and we have the capacity to love, we have the capacity to wonder, and we have a sort of boundless curiosity, a restless inquisitiveness that so suits us as primates, I think. And at least for me, personally, the trees have taught me an entirely new way of loving my children. Exploring with them the forest canopy has been one of the most lovely things of my existence on Earth. And I think that one of the happiest things is the sense that with my children I&apos;ve been able to introduce them into the very small circle of humans who are lucky enough, or possibly stupid enough, to still climb trees. Thank you very much. (Applause) Chris Anderson: I think at a previous TED, I think it was Nathan Myhrvold who told me that it was thought that because these trees are like, 2,000 years and older, on many of them there are ecosystems where there are species that are not found anywhere on the Earth except on that one tree. Is that correct? Richard Preston: Yes, that is correct. I mentioned Hyperion, the world&apos;s tallest tree. And I was a member of a climbing team that made the first climb of it, in 2006. And while we were climbing Hyperion, Marie Antoine spotted an unknown species of golden-brown ant about halfway up the trunk. Ants are not known to occur in Redwood trees, curiously enough, and we wondered whether this ant, this species of ant, was only endemic to that one tree, or possibly to that grove. And in subsequent climbs they could never find that ant again, and so no specimens have ever been collected. We don&apos;t know what it is -- we just know it&apos;s there. CA: So, you have to wonder when, you know, if some other species than us was recording the stories that mattered on Earth, you know, our stories are about Iraq and war and politics and celebrity gossip. You&apos;ve just told us a different story of this tragic arms race that&apos;s happening, and maybe whole ecosystems gone forever. It&apos;s an amazing sense of wonder you&apos;ve given me, and a sense of just how fragile this whole thing is. RP: It is fragile, and you know, I think about emerging human diseases -- parasites that move into the human species. But that&apos;s just a very small facet of a much greater problem of invasions of species worldwide, all through the ecosystems, and you know, the Earth itself -- CA: Partly caused by us, inadvertently. RP: Caused by humans. Caused by the movement of humans. You can think of the Earth&apos;s biosphere as a palace, and the continents are rooms in the palace, and the islands are small rooms. But lately, the doors of the palace have been flung open, and the walls are coming down. CA: Richard Preston, thank you very much, I think. RP: Thank you.

Close-up card magic with a twist
My favorite topic is shortcuts. The master of shortcuts -- it&apos;s, of course, nature. But I will demonstrate different ways to get rid of difficulties and go to the point, to find an answer probably much quicker than Arthur did. So, first, we violate the common sense, the logic. All of you, if you hold your hand like this, 90 degrees -- all of you. Not you. All of you, right? Palm up. If you do this, the common, the logic says you must turn the wrist. Do you agree? Good. But I will first teach you a method, how you can do it without moving the wrist, and then the shortcut. You can do it immediately, right? Hold the hand like this, palm up. Don&apos;t move the wrist. The wrist is -- I doesn&apos;t speak very many, but I do the best, what I are. Right-molded you say, with iron? That was a joke, actually, and I -- OK. Hold the hand palm up. Do this, don&apos;t move the wrist. Over the heart, don&apos;t move the wrist. Forward, don&apos;t move the wrist. Up, don&apos;t move the wrist. Over the heart, don&apos;t move the wrist. And forward. Yeah. Now -- (Laughter) -- logic, logically, you have got to this position from this, without moving the wrist. (Laughter) Now, the shortcut. (Laughter) But it was six moves. Now with one move. I start here, palm down, you can follow. And then look at me. Yeah! (Laughter) One move. OK. So, that was the warming up. Now, I need an assistant. I talked to a nice girl before, Zoe. She has left. No! A big hand. (Applause) Good. Nice. And you can sit over there. One item here was water, right? And I will give my tribute to water. I think it&apos;s enough with water for me. The other guys can talk about -- cheers. (Laughter) Beer has about -- there&apos;s a lot of water in beer. (Laughter) So, now I will demonstrate different ways of memorizing, control cards and so on. And I think I&apos;ll take off this one. I work with a special method to do it, quick. I work with precision -- oh, sorry -- control and a very powerful ... memory system, right? (Laughter) So, if -- I have studied the poker. I like to gamble. Officially, I don&apos;t gamble but ... So, if we are -- if we have five person, and I will do a five-handed poker game. Now I will interact. So a different person all the time, so not the same person can answer. So we have an agreement. Which one shall have a good poker hand? Which number? One, two, three, four or five? (Audience: Three.) Lennart Green: Three -- good. And here, I had a mat here to make it a little -- the critical moment is -- sorry. If a card shark gathers the cards together, immediately when he -- before he deals the card. Now, so I think, number three, I have arranged them in a full house. (Laughter) With queens and -- it&apos;s OK -- queens and tens. That&apos;s a challenge. I like this. I will explain later. One, two, three, four, five. I start with three queens. So here you see the contrast when I treat the cards. And two tens. Yeah. Thank you. (Applause) But also the other hand is good, if all the other guys have good hands too. So these guys have actually a stronger hand -- three aces and two kings. This guy beats them with four of a kind, or deuce -- deuce. No reaction? That with even -- OK, and this. These look in order, I&apos;m probably -- hopefully -- yeah. Three, four, five, six, seven and ... But, of course, I will have the winning hand. Ten, jack, queen, king, ace. Yeah. So, good. (Laughter) So the hand that looks so good from the beginning, number three, at the end was actually the lowest hand. Such life. Right? So, please mix them. Now, if you are interested, I will demonstrate some underground techniques. Yes? I work with kind of estimation, shuffle tracking -- ah, good. Impressive. Thank you. (Laughter) So, first, the first term is estimation. Here, I can estimate exactly how many cards are put between my royal flush. Of course, I can count the cards, but this is much quicker. Right? You agree. So here I have, actually -- I know exactly where the cards are. So here, I can make a bet, and this is actually one of the points where I get my money. So here: 10, jack, queen, king, ace. OK. (Applause) Next is a term -- I do it quick. I call this stealing. So here, I think I know about where the cards are. I will spread the cards and you&apos;ll say stop, when I point to them, right. Point, say stop. Zoe: Stop. LG: Here -- you see some are missing? And that&apos;s the stealing cards, which I did. (Laughter) OK. Now, another term called shuffle tracking. Shuffle tracking means I keep track of the cards, even if another person shuffles. This is a little risky. So -- because if you look, now, I can still see it. You agree? But if you square -- square, and shuffle, and then a cut. So here, to follow my cards, I must look at the shuffle from the begin -- ah, we are started together. It&apos;s OK, it&apos;s OK. Come to -- no, no, no, no. I&apos;m joking, yeah? Any style -- yeah, good. Here I have to calculate, but actually, I don&apos;t like to calculate. I work direct with the right brain. If you pass the left brain, you have to take care of logic and common sense. Direct in the right brain, that&apos;s much better. And so -- (Laughter) -- Arthur Benjamin did a little of the same thing. And if you work with, in the right atmosphere, with humor, you have -- that&apos;s the password to the cosmic bank of knowledge, where you can find any solution of any problem. OK. Now, I drop the cards, and you say stop anyway, right? Not at the last card. Zoe: Stop. LG: Yeah. When I&apos;m sober, I do this much quicker, but we will check. (Laughter) Ah, not in order, it -- that was a mistake. No, I&apos;m kidding. (Applause) No, now and then I put in a mistake, just to emphasize how difficult it is. Right? Yeah, last night I forgot that. That was a mistake. But now I&apos;m glad I remember it. So, this deck is bought here. Sorry. I have a little pad to make it a little softer. This deck is bought here in America. It&apos;s called &quot;Bicycle.&quot; And this deck is very flexible, but not so many people know, if you check, if you press at the right spots, you see how thin and flexible this deck is, right? Now, you can carry this in your wallet, so ... You don&apos;t see it, make no reaction? (Laughter) So, but here, and -- is the camera getting too much? No. (Laughter) Yeah? (Audience: It&apos;s getting too much.) LG: Pardon? But then, when we will have it back, you do this. But not too much. Then you have to push it down again. Here, please. If you push these heaps -- everyone see -- push them together so they are really interlaced, right? Yeah, good. Perfect. Just push them through, good. Thank you. And then, I will demonstrate a thing from Russian satellite, stealen -- stolen, probably copied from America but we will see. Here -- shortcuts. I talk about shortcuts. Now I go very quick through the deck and try to find some pattern. The new chaos theory is already old, right? But you know, I think you are familiar with fractals -- the Mandelbrot spirals and all these things. And it&apos;s much easier to memorize cards in a pattern way, and not concentrate. If you concentrate and calculate, then you go to -- then it&apos;s the left brain. But if you just look and talk in another language ... Yeah, great. I think I have it. So now, different persons, older, tap. Please name any card, anyone. (Audience: Jack of spades.) LG: Jack of spades. Jack of spades. I think jack of spades is number 12 from the top. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. Yes, right. So -- oh, jack of spades. You said spades? (Audience: Yes.) LG: Ah. My fault. Don&apos;t applaud, this was clubs. So, jack of spades. I think ... 23 -- 24, sorry, 24. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 -- ah, 25, yes. It&apos;s the last. Now, I do it quicker, better. OK. Another person. Oh, I forgot, I shouldn&apos;t shuffle but I think -- (Laughter) -- actually, my technique is to peek, all the time. When I lift the heap, I peek. You see, yeah, perfect. Three, four, five, six. Then I calculate -- yeah, good. (Laughter) Another person, another card. (Audience: Seven of diamonds.) LG: Seven of diamonds. Perfect, my favorite, yeah, seven. So I will do it quick, very quick, but in slow motion, so you can follow. (Laughter) Seven of? (Audience: Diamonds.) LG: Diamonds, good. I start here. Good, thank you. (Applause) The thing I did -- I peeked. I know where the card were, then I chose it. So another person, another card. (Laughter) Another person. (Audience: Ten of diamonds.) LG: Pardon? (Audience: Ten of diamonds.) LG: Ten of diamonds, yeah. I think I do it the same way. I like to, so I know where it is. Ten of diamonds. But now I do it the regular speed, right? Ten of diamonds. Good. Maybe you will cut? Lift. Excellent. So, thank you. Another person, another card. (Audience: Five of clubs.) LG: Pardon? (Audience: Five of clubs.) LG: Five of clubs. It&apos;s not the same person, even if it&apos;s the same spot. We can take some over there later. So now, I will drop the cards. And you&apos;ll say stop, anywhere. Got it? Five of clubs. Not the last. Yes, that&apos;s difficult to find a card here. (Laughter) We do it again. The person who said five of clubs say stop, when the cards are in the air, right? (Audience: Stop.) LG: Very good. OK. (Applause) OK, I had to use a little force there. I think we save five of clubs. And now a card with a contrast of five of clubs. (Audience: Queen of hearts.) LG: Queen of hearts, yeah. Excellent. I love that card. Here, I will do the most difficult thing. For example, you are sitting in Las Vegas, and you&apos;re betting, and you let the other guys peek this card by mistake. Feel, it&apos;s just the regular, one card. And now, when I lift this card, it shall be your card. What was your card? (Audience: Queen of hearts.) LG: Queen of? Queen of hearts. So that&apos;s a tough challenge, right? So here, I grab -- you know this? Five of clubs ... and queen of hearts. Yes! This is a tough one, because here I must take advantage of -- I switch it with the five of clubs. So, now a false count. Which card shall I use? Queen or five? Zoe: The queen. LG: Queen, yes. So, I use the queen, and here&apos;s five of clubs. The false count -- and the number one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight -- you say the same card all the time. Eight, nine, 10. This is a kind of optical deal, right? When I put one card at a table -- look, it&apos;s not one card. It&apos;s -- look, it&apos;s a bunch of cards that gives this impression. Yeah. Now some hard stuff. I think we keep the queen here, yes. Now, to the satellites things. This -- oh sorry, don&apos;t look at the beam. My fault. (Laughter) This is high-frequency laser, and it&apos;s enough with a fraction of a second to destroy the retina completely. Right, sorry, my -- I should have mentioned that, yeah. But you can relax, because it takes half an hour before it works, so you have plenty of time to see my whole performance. (Laughter) Now, I put the laser here, and -- now, when I deal the cards in the laser, I know where they are but -- yes? Did the camera got it? No? They didn&apos;t? What happened? (Audience: It disappeared.) LG: OK, I&apos;ll take another group. Do the cameras see the cards now? No? (Audience: No, they&apos;re all gone.) LG: But you see the hand. Ah, good, good, good. But now. So now, that was the reason, right? You see the cards? Yes. (Laughter) Yeah, good. Now -- (Laughter) -- one guy laughed. So now, to find the queen, do it this way: take back the other one, take back the queen. (Laughter) Yeah, interesting, but a little dangerous. (Laughter) I liked it. Now, a little more difficult. Name -- anyone, name, please, any suit. (Audience: Spades.) LG: Spades? Spades, good. So here, here I have to peek, lots of cards. I think there are lots of -- I don&apos;t know how many -- but 10, 15 spades in a deck, at least, right? (Laughter) So every time I lift the heap, I peek, right. Then I arrange them so I can get them quick. Perfect, excellent. So I start with the ace -- yeah, ace. Ah, yeah -- spades? Same mistake as before, right? So -- I arrange the spades -- the clubs. I try to do this right here. First, I take the spades. You see, I don&apos;t work with prestige, so always do mistakes. It doesn&apos;t matter to me. And now and then, I get some extra sympathy points, right? One, two, three, four -- yes, the camera got it? Five, six, seven, eight -- ah -- nine, 10, the jack, jack of spades, queen of -- I like that laugh, yeah! Good. Queen. (Laughter) Wait, wait, wait -- please take any card. Grab any one. Quick, quick, good. And we switch this to the king. Ace of diamonds. And now, look, ace of diamonds will guide. So I find ... king of spades. There was the place. And here is king of spades, correct? Yeah? OK. (Applause) Now, a little more difficult thing. Maybe you think I have the cards in order already, so you help me to shuffle again. Another suit, please. (Audience: Armani.) LG: Pardon? (Audience: Armani.) (Laughter) LG: It was after the blindfold. I like this guy, yeah. OK. That should be my end effect, but OK. Armani -- who said Armani? You? I drop the cards and you -- which size? Which size? It&apos;s a piece of cake. I like challenges. Which size? (Audience: Extra large.) LG: Extra large, OK. Say stop. (Audience: Stop.) (Laughter) LG: Yeah, Armani. OK. (Applause) Ah, this is tough. OK, a suit. I had clubs before, spades. Another suit. (Audience: Diamonds.) LG: Diamonds, perfect. So, in this case, I try to locate diamonds. I look at the cards, and OK. We try. Yeah. You help me. If I drop the card face up, like this, you reverse it. Zoe: OK. LG: OK, now. Do with both hands, and quick. Yes, good, good. (Laughter) I think we have it now. Yeah, good, good. So here, diamonds, hearts -- no, diamonds. Good, good. Stop. Do you see the pattern? No? Now? Yes, yes, OK. I work with pattern. Oh sorry, I dropped one. Maybe it&apos;s important -- yeah -- nine of diamonds, OK. So now -- I always ask, why do I put myself in this position? I have to figure out so many outs, when I miss some cards, but I love it. So now, I will do it. I will try to find the diamonds, but I will do it the hard way. It&apos;s too easy to do it right away, right? I think I will do it ... blindfolded. At this distance, it works immediately. Aargh! (Laughter) Duct tape. I look -- shake the cards, so I don&apos;t. Go ahead. Yeah, good. I like the empathy. Empathy. But it was -- did you hear? It was women&apos;s voice. Hear the guy -- yeah, more, more, more. (Laughter) Yeah, good. Yeah. You can take the nostril too, because some guys think -- (Laughter) -- some guys think I can peek through the nostril, so do more. Go, go. Right? Good. Satisfied? Looks good, like Batman. Ow! (Laughter) No, with dignity and elegance, right? But I like her, yeah. I said, be a little tough. And it was OK. One more? The last. OK. All right. Now you must agree that I&apos;m -- I must rely on other senses, right? I work with vibration. So, what was the card? Diamonds. Ah, I memorized hearts. So now I have to improvise again. Maybe I&apos;ll stand up. Half. Diamonds -- I&apos;ll start with ace of diamonds. Just kidding, warming up -- king of hearts. (Laughter) And I give you a diamonds, so they -- so you put them here, in a nice row, right. And you can see, yeah? Good. Ace of diamonds, yes? Zoe: Yeah. LG: Good. Good. Two -- (Applause) -- thank you. I never ever miss two. This is interesting. Always I&apos;ve found two, but the wrong color. Spades, sorry. And the deck is a gift to you after, so let the skepticals here, in this, examine them, right? Remind me. It&apos;s a gift. Two -- and it was two of spades, right? Sorry, two of diamonds. I&apos;ll do it quick now. Three -- three of diamonds. Yes! Four -- I like challenges, yes. Yeah, good. Chris Anderson: You&apos;re peeking. LG: Pardon? CA: You&apos;re peeking. You just got to -- this is a request from the lady in the back. (Laughter) Okay. Try that. LG: Yeah. Also listen. OK, now. This is maybe a little tough. We will try. Yes? Good? (Laughter) OK. So, how many cards? Five? Zoe: Four. LG: Four. Is five the next card? Zoe: Five of diamonds, yeah. LG: It&apos;s not here? Zoe: It&apos;s not there. LG: Oh. So here, all the cards are face down -- you agree? (Audience: Yes.) LG: Yes? You see that in the screen? And this is face up, and it&apos;s not at the bottom here. So next card will be -- was it five? Zoe: Five. LG: Yeah -- I will reverse it face up here. Yes? Zoe: Yeah. LG: Six -- six with the thumb. Seven. Yeah, I do this. I know where it is, because I peeked before and then I do this. Right? Eight. If -- and then nine, right? Yeah. Yesterday -- the day before yesterday, I was in Vegas, and I used this actually. Nine? Yeah? Correct? No? Yes! Ah, good, good. Ten -- once again, I love this Jonny Wayne move. Yeah. Jack -- you [unclear] with Jack? Jack of diamonds, correct? (Audience: No.) LG: Yes? And queen! Queen, with misdirection. Misdirection. (Applause) Yeah? And then, king, after exactly five seconds. Yeah. Five. Five seconds. One, two, three, four -- mmm! Check it. Yes? CA: King of diamonds. LG: Ah! Good. Oh. Touch me, feel -- ah, ah, you know! CA: Ladies and gentlemen, Lennart Green! LG: Okay, thank you.

The genesis of Google
Sergey Brin: I want to discuss a question I know that&apos;s been pressing on many of your minds. We spoke to you last several years ago. And before I get started today, since many of you are wondering, I just wanted to get it out of the way. The answer is boxers. Now I hope all of you feel better. Do you know what this might be? Does anyone know what that is? Audience: Yes. SB: What is it? Audience: It&apos;s people logging on to Google around the world. SB: Wow, OK. I didn&apos;t really realize what it was when I first saw it. But this is what helped me see it. This is what we run at the office, that actually runs real time. Here it&apos;s slightly logged. But here you can see around the world how people are using Google. And every one of those rising dots represents probably about 20, 30 searches, or something like that. And they&apos;re labeled by color right now, by language. So you can see: here we are in the U.S., and they&apos;re all coming up red. There we are in Monterey -- hopefully I can get it right. You can see that Japan is busy at night, right there. We have Tokyo coming in in Japanese. There&apos;s a lot of activity in China. There&apos;s a lot of activity in India. There&apos;s some in the Middle East, the little pockets. And Europe, which is right now in the middle of the day, is going really strong with a whole wide variety of languages. Now you can also see, if I turn this around here -- hopefully I won&apos;t shake the world too much. But you can also see, there are places where there&apos;s not so much. Australia, because there just aren&apos;t very many people there. And this is something that we should really work on, which is Africa, which is just a few trickles, basically in South Africa and a few other urban cities. But basically, what we&apos;ve noticed is these queries, which come in at thousands per second, are available everywhere there is power. And pretty much everywhere there is power, there is the Internet. And even in Antarctica -- well, at least this time of year -- we from time to time will see a query rising up. And if we had it plotted correctly, I think the International Space Station would have it, too. So this is some of the challenge that we have here, is you can see that it&apos;s actually kind of hard to get the -- there we go. This is how we have to move the bits around to actually get the people the answers to their questions. You can see that there&apos;s a lot of data running around. It has to go all over the world: through fibers, through satellites, through all kinds of connections. And it&apos;s pretty tricky for us to maintain the latencies as low as we try to. Hopefully your experience is good. But you can see also, once again -- so some places are much more wired than others, and you can see all the bandwidth across the U.S., going up over to Asia, Europe in the other direction, and so forth. Now what I would like to do is just to show you what one second of this activity would look like. And if we can switch to slides -- all right, here we go. So this is slowed down. This is what one second looks like. And this is what we spend a lot of our time doing, is just making sure that we can keep up with this kind of traffic load. Now, each one of those queries has an interesting life and tale of its own. I mean, it could be somebody&apos;s health, it could be somebody&apos;s career, something important to them. And it could potentially be something as important as tomato sauce, or in this case, ketchup. So this is a query that we had -- I guess it&apos;s a popular band that was more popular in some parts of the world than others. You can see that it got started right here. In the U.S. and Spain, it was popular at the same time. But it didn&apos;t have quite the same pickup in the U.S. as it did in Spain. And then from Spain, it went to Italy, and then Germany got excited, and maybe right now the U.K. is enjoying it. And so I guess the U.S. finally, finally started to like it, too. And I just wanted to play it for you. Anyway, you can all enjoy it for yourselves -- hopefully that search will work. As a part of -- you know, part of what we want to do to grow our company is to have more searches. And what that means is we want to have more people who are healthy and educated. More animals, if they start doing searches as well. But partly, we want to make the world a better place, and so one thing that we&apos;re embarking upon is the Google Foundation, and we&apos;re in the process of setting that up. We also have a program already called Google Grants that now serves over 150 different charities around the world, and these are some of the charities that are on there. And it&apos;s something I&apos;m very excited to be a part of. In fact, many of the organizations that are here -- the Acumen Fund, I think ApproTEC we have running, I&apos;m not sure if that one&apos;s up yet -- and many of the people who have presented here are running through Google Grants. They run Google ads, and we just give them the ad credit so they can let organizations know. One of the earlier results that we got -- we have a Singaporean businessman who is now sponsoring a village of 25 Vietnamese girls for their education, and that was one of the earliest results. And as I said, now there have been many, many stories that have come in, because we do have hundreds of charities in there, and the Google Foundation will be an even broader endeavor. Now does anybody know who this is? A-ha! Audience: Orkut. SB: Yes! Somebody got it. This is Orkut. Is anybody here on Orkut? Do we have any? Okay, not very many people know about it. I&apos;ll explain it in a second. This is one of our engineers. We find that they work better when they&apos;re submerged and covered with leaves. That&apos;s how we churn those products out. Orkut had a vision to create a social network. I know all of you are thinking, &quot;Yet another social network.&quot; But it was a dream of his, and we, basically, when people really want to do something, well, we generally let them. So this is what he built. We just released it in a test phase last month, and it&apos;s been taking off. This is our VP of Engineering. You can see the red hair, and I don&apos;t know if you can see the nose ring there. And these are all of his friends. So this is how -- we just deployed it -- we just decided that people would send each other invitations to get into the service, and so we just had the people in our company initially send them out. And now we&apos;ve grown to over 100,000 members. And they spread, actually, very quickly, even outside the U.S. You can see, even though the U.S. is still the majority here -- though, by the way, search-wise, it&apos;s only about 30 percent of our traffic -- but it&apos;s already going to Japan, and the U.K., and Europe, and all the rest of the countries. So it&apos;s a fun little project. There are a variety of demographics. I won&apos;t bore you with these. But it&apos;s just the kind of thing that we just try out for fun and see where it goes. And -- well, I&apos;ll leave you in suspense. Larry, you can explain this one. Larry Page: Thank you, Sergey. So one of the things -- both Sergey and I went to a Montessori school, and I think, for some reason, this has been incorporated in Google. And Sergey mentioned Orkut, which is something that, you know, Orkut wanted to do in his time, and we call this -- at Google, we&apos;ve embodied this as &quot;the 20 percent time,&quot; and the idea is, for 20 percent of your time, if you&apos;re working at Google, you can do what you think is the best thing to do. And many, many things at Google have come out of that, such as Orkut and also Google News. And I think many other things in the world also have come out of this. Mendel, who was supposed to be teaching high-school students, actually, you know, discovered the laws of genetics -- as a hobby, basically. So many, many useful things come out of this. And News, which I just mentioned, was started by a researcher. And he just -- he -- after 9/11, he got really interested in the news. And he said, &quot;Why don&apos;t I look at the news better?&quot; And so he started clustering it by category, and then he started using it, and then his friends started using it. And then, besides just looking cute on a baby&apos;s bottom, we made it a Googlette, which is basically a small project at Google. So it&apos;d be like three people, or something like that, and they would try to make a product. And we wouldn&apos;t really be sure if it&apos;s going to work or not. And in News&apos; case, you know, they had a couple of people working on it for a while, and then more and more people started using it, and then we put it out on the Internet, and more and more people started using it. And now it&apos;s a real, full-blown project with more people on it. And this is how we keep our innovation running. I think usually, as companies get bigger, they find it really hard to have small, innovative projects. And we had this problem, too, for a while, and we said, &quot;Oh, we really need a new concept.&quot; You know, the Googlettes -- that&apos;s a small project that we&apos;re not quite sure if it&apos;s going to work or not, but we hope it will, and if we do enough of them, some of them will really work and turn out, such as News. But then we had a problem because then we had over 100 projects. And I don&apos;t know about all of you, but I have trouble keeping 100 things in my head at once. And we found that if we just wrote all of them down and ordered them -- and these are kind of made up. Don&apos;t really pay attention to them. For example, the &quot;Buy Iceland&quot; was from a media article. We would never do such a crazy thing, but -- in any case, we found if we just basically wrote them all down and ordered them, that most people would actually agree what the ordering should be. And this was kind of a surprise to me, but we found that as long as you keep the 100 things in your head, which you did by writing them down, that you could do a pretty good job deciding what to do and where to put your resources. And so that&apos;s basically what we&apos;ve done since we instituted that a few years ago, and I think it has really allowed us to be innovative and still stay reasonably well-organized. The other thing we discovered is that people like to work on things that are important, and so naturally, people sort of migrate to the things that are high priorities. I just wanted to highlight a couple of things that are new, or you might not know about. And the top thing, actually, is the Deskbar. So this is a new -- how many of you use the Google Toolbar? Raise your hands. How many of you use the Deskbar? All right, see? You guys should try it out. But if you go to our site and search for &quot;Deskbar,&quot; you&apos;ll get this. And the idea is, instead of a toolbar, it&apos;s just present all the time on your screen on the bottom, and you can do searches really easily. And it&apos;s sort of like a better version of the toolbar. Thank you, Sergey. This is another example of a project that somebody at Google was really passionate about, and they just, they got going, and it&apos;s really, really a great product, and really taking off. Google Answers is something we started, which is really cool, which lets you -- for five to 100 dollars, you can type a question in, and then there&apos;s a pool of researchers that go out and research it for you, and it&apos;s guaranteed and all that, and you can get actually very good answers to things without spending all that time yourself. Froogle lets you search shopping information, and Blogger lets you publish things. But all of these -- well, these were all sort of innovative things that we did that -- you know, we try many, many different things in our company. We also like to innovate in our physical space, and we noticed in meetings, you know, you have to wait a long time for projectors to turn on and off, and they&apos;re noisy, so people shut them off. And we didn&apos;t like that, so we actually, in maybe a couple of weeks, we built these little enclosures that enclosed the projectors, and so we can leave them on all the time and they&apos;re completely silent. And as a result, we were able to build some software that also lets us manage a meeting, so when you walk into a meeting room now, it lists all the meetings that are happening, you can very easily take notes, and they just get emailed automatically to all the people that were present in the meeting. And as we become more of a global company, we find these things really affect us -- you know, can we work effectively with people who aren&apos;t in the room? And things like that. And simple things like this can really make a big difference. We also have a lot of engineers in those meetings, and they don&apos;t always do their laundry as much as they should. And so we found it was pretty helpful to have laundry machines, for our younger employees especially, and ... we also allow dogs and things like that, and we&apos;ve had, I think, a really fun culture at our company, which helps people work and enjoy what they&apos;re doing. This is actually our &quot;cult picture.&quot; I just wanted to show quickly. We had this on our website for a while, but we found that after we put it on our website, we didn&apos;t get any job applications anymore. But anyway, every year we&apos;ve taken the whole company on a ski trip. A lot of work happens in companies from people knowing each other, and informally. And I think we&apos;ve done a good job encouraging that. It makes it a really fun place to work. Along with our logos, too, which I think really embody our culture when we change things. In the early days, we were actually advised we should never change our logo because we should establish our brand, you know, because, you know, you&apos;d never want to change your logo. You want it to be consistent. And we said, &quot;Well, that doesn&apos;t sound so much fun. Why don&apos;t we try changing it every day?&quot; One of the things that really excites me about what we&apos;re doing now is we have this thing called AdSense, and this is a little bit foreshadowing -- this is from before Dean dropped out. But the idea is, like, on a newspaper, for example, we show you relevant ads. And this is hard to read, but this says &quot;Battle for New Hampshire: Howard Dean for President&quot; -- articles on Howard Dean. And these ads are generated automatically -- like in this case, on the Washington Post -- from the content on the site. And so we use our over 150,000 advertisers and millions of advertisements, so we pick the one that&apos;s most relevant to what you&apos;re actually looking at, much as we do on search. So the idea is we can make advertising useful, not just annoying, right? And the nice thing about this, we have a self-serve program, and many thousands of websites have signed up, and this let&apos;s them really make money. And I -- you know, there&apos;s a number of people I met -- I met this guy who runs a conservation site at a party, and he said, &quot;You know, I wasn&apos;t making any money. I just put this thing on my site and I&apos;m making 10,000 dollars a month. And, you know, thank you. I don&apos;t have to do my other job now.&quot; And I think this is really important for us, because it makes the Internet work better. It makes content get better, it makes searching work better, when people can really make their livelihood from producing great content. So this session is supposed to be about the future, so I&apos;d thought I&apos;d talk at least briefly about it. And the idea behind this is to do the perfect job doing search, you really have to be smart. Because you can type, you know, any kind of thing into Google, and you expect an answer back, right? But finding things is tricky, and so you really want intelligence. And in fact, the ultimate search engine would be smart. It would be artificial intelligence. And so that&apos;s something we work on, and we even have some people who are excited enough and crazy enough to work on it now, and that&apos;s really their goal. So we always hope that Google will be smart, but we&apos;re always surprised when other people think that it is. And so I just wanted to give a funny example of this. This is a blog from Iraq, and it&apos;s not really what I&apos;m going to talk about, but I just wanted to show you an example. Maybe, Sergey, you can highlight this. So we decided -- actually, the highlight&apos;s right there. Oh, thank you. So, &quot;related searches,&quot; right there. You can&apos;t see it that well, but we decided we should put in this feature into our AdSense ads, called &quot;related searches.&quot; And so we&apos;d say, you know, &quot;Did you mean &apos;search for&apos;&quot; -- what is this, in this case, &quot;Saddam Hussein,&quot; because this blog is about Iraq -- and you know, in addition to the ads, and we thought this would be a great idea. And so there is this blog of a young person who was kind of depressed, and he said, &quot;You know, I&apos;m sleeping a lot.&quot; He was just kind of writing about his life. And our algorithms -- not a person, of course, but our algorithms, our computers -- read his blog and decided that the related search was, &quot;I am bored.&quot; And he read this, and he thought a person had decided that he was boring, and it was very unfortunate, and he said, &quot;You know, what are these, you know, bastards at Google doing? Why don&apos;t they like my blog?&quot; And so then we read his blog, which was getting -- you know, sort of going from bad to worse, and we said the related search was, &quot;Retards.&quot; And then, you know, he got even more mad, and he wrote -- like, started swearing and so on. And then we produced &quot;You suck.&quot; And finally, it ended with &quot;Kiss my ass.&quot; And so basically, he thought he was dealing with something smart, and of course, you know, we just sort of wrote this program and we tried it out, and it didn&apos;t quite work, and we don&apos;t have this feature anymore. So with that, maybe I can switch back to the world. I wanted to end just by saying that there&apos;s a couple things that really make me excited to be involved with Google, and one of those is that we&apos;re able to make money largely through advertising, and one of the benefits that I didn&apos;t expect from that was that we&apos;re able to serve everyone in the world without worrying about, you know, places that don&apos;t have as much money. So we don&apos;t have to worry about our products being sold, for example, for less money in places that are poor, and then they get re-imported into the U.S. -- for example, with the drug industry. And I think we&apos;re really lucky to have that kind of business model because everyone in the world has access to our search, and I think that&apos;s a tremendous, tremendous benefit. The other thing I wanted to mention just briefly is that we have a tremendous ability and responsibility to provide people the right information, and we view ourselves like a newspaper or a magazine -- that we should provide very objective information. And so in our search results, we never accept payment for our search results. We accept payment for advertising, and we mark it as such. And that&apos;s unlike many of our competitors. And I think decisions we&apos;re able to make like that have a tremendous impact on the world, and it makes me really proud to be involved with Google. So thank you.

Computing a theory of all knowledge
So I want to talk today about an idea. It&apos;s a big idea. Actually, I think it&apos;ll eventually be seen as probably the single biggest idea that&apos;s emerged in the past century. It&apos;s the idea of computation. Now, of course, that idea has brought us all of the computer technology we have today and so on. But there&apos;s actually a lot more to computation than that. It&apos;s really a very deep, very powerful, very fundamental idea, whose effects we&apos;ve only just begun to see. Well, I myself have spent the past 30 years of my life working on three large projects that really try to take the idea of computation seriously. So I started off at a young age as a physicist using computers as tools. Then, I started drilling down, thinking about the computations I might want to do, trying to figure out what primitives they could be built up from and how they could be automated as much as possible. Eventually, I created a whole structure based on symbolic programming and so on that let me build Mathematica. And for the past 23 years, at an increasing rate, we&apos;ve been pouring more and more ideas and capabilities and so on into Mathematica, and I&apos;m happy to say that that&apos;s led to many good things in R &amp; D and education, lots of other areas. Well, I have to admit, actually, that I also had a very selfish reason for building Mathematica: I wanted to use it myself, a bit like Galileo got to use his telescope 400 years ago. But I wanted to look not at the astronomical universe, but at the computational universe. So we normally think of programs as being complicated things that we build for very specific purposes. But what about the space of all possible programs? Here&apos;s a representation of a really simple program. So, if we run this program, this is what we get. Very simple. So let&apos;s try changing the rule for this program a little bit. Now we get another result, still very simple. Try changing it again. You get something a little bit more complicated. But if we keep running this for a while, we find out that although the pattern we get is very intricate, it has a very regular structure. So the question is: Can anything else happen? Well, we can do a little experiment. Let&apos;s just do a little mathematical experiment, try and find out. Let&apos;s just run all possible programs of the particular type that we&apos;re looking at. They&apos;re called cellular automata. You can see a lot of diversity in the behavior here. Most of them do very simple things, but if you look along all these different pictures, at rule number 30, you start to see something interesting going on. So let&apos;s take a closer look at rule number 30 here. So here it is. We&apos;re just following this very simple rule at the bottom here, but we&apos;re getting all this amazing stuff. It&apos;s not at all what we&apos;re used to, and I must say that, when I first saw this, it came as a huge shock to my intuition. And, in fact, to understand it, I eventually had to create a whole new kind of science. (Laughter) This science is different, more general, than the mathematics-based science that we&apos;ve had for the past 300 or so years. You know, it&apos;s always seemed like a big mystery: how nature, seemingly so effortlessly, manages to produce so much that seems to us so complex. Well, I think we&apos;ve found its secret: It&apos;s just sampling what&apos;s out there in the computational universe and quite often getting things like Rule 30 or like this. And knowing that starts to explain a lot of long-standing mysteries in science. It also brings up new issues, though, like computational irreducibility. I mean, we&apos;re used to having science let us predict things, but something like this is fundamentally irreducible. The only way to find its outcome is, effectively, just to watch it evolve. It&apos;s connected to, what I call, the principle of computational equivalence, which tells us that even incredibly simple systems can do computations as sophisticated as anything. It doesn&apos;t take lots of technology or biological evolution to be able to do arbitrary computation; just something that happens, naturally, all over the place. Things with rules as simple as these can do it. Well, this has deep implications about the limits of science, about predictability and controllability of things like biological processes or economies, about intelligence in the universe, about questions like free will and about creating technology. You know, in working on this science for many years, I kept wondering, &quot;What will be its first killer app?&quot; Well, ever since I was a kid, I&apos;d been thinking about systematizing knowledge and somehow making it computable. People like Leibniz had wondered about that too 300 years earlier. But I&apos;d always assumed that to make progress, I&apos;d essentially have to replicate a whole brain. Well, then I got to thinking: This scientific paradigm of mine suggests something different -- and, by the way, I&apos;ve now got huge computation capabilities in Mathematica, and I&apos;m a CEO with some worldly resources to do large, seemingly crazy, projects -- So I decided to just try to see how much of the systematic knowledge that&apos;s out there in the world we could make computable. So, it&apos;s been a big, very complex project, which I was not sure was going to work at all. But I&apos;m happy to say it&apos;s actually going really well. And last year we were able to release the first website version of Wolfram Alpha. Its purpose is to be a serious knowledge engine that computes answers to questions. So let&apos;s give it a try. Let&apos;s start off with something really easy. Hope for the best. Very good. Okay. So far so good. (Laughter) Let&apos;s try something a little bit harder. Let&apos;s do some mathy thing, and with luck it&apos;ll work out the answer and try and tell us some interesting things things about related math. We could ask it something about the real world. Let&apos;s say -- I don&apos;t know -- what&apos;s the GDP of Spain? And it should be able to tell us that. Now we could compute something related to this, let&apos;s say ... the GDP of Spain divided by, I don&apos;t know, the -- hmmm ... let&apos;s say the revenue of Microsoft. (Laughter) The idea is that we can just type this in, this kind of question in, however we think of it. So let&apos;s try asking a question, like a health related question. So let&apos;s say we have a lab finding that ... you know, we have an LDL level of 140 for a male aged 50. So let&apos;s type that in, and now Wolfram Alpha will go and use available public health data and try and figure out what part of the population that corresponds to and so on. Or let&apos;s try asking about, I don&apos;t know, the International Space Station. And what&apos;s happening here is that Wolfram Alpha is not just looking up something; it&apos;s computing, in real time, where the International Space Station is right now at this moment, how fast it&apos;s going, and so on. So Wolfram Alpha knows about lots and lots of kinds of things. It&apos;s got, by now, pretty good coverage of everything you might find in a standard reference library. But the goal is to go much further and, very broadly, to democratize all of this knowledge, and to try and be an authoritative source in all areas. To be able to compute answers to specific questions that people have, not by searching what other people may have written down before, but by using built in knowledge to compute fresh new answers to specific questions. Now, of course, Wolfram Alpha is a monumentally huge, long-term project with lots and lots of challenges. For a start, one has to curate a zillion different sources of facts and data, and we built quite a pipeline of Mathematica automation and human domain experts for doing this. But that&apos;s just the beginning. Given raw facts or data to actually answer questions, one has to compute: one has to implement all those methods and models and algorithms and so on that science and other areas have built up over the centuries. Well, even starting from Mathematica, this is still a huge amount of work. So far, there are about 8 million lines of Mathematica code in Wolfram Alpha built by experts from many, many different fields. Well, a crucial idea of Wolfram Alpha is that you can just ask it questions using ordinary human language, which means that we&apos;ve got to be able to take all those strange utterances that people type into the input field and understand them. And I must say that I thought that step might just be plain impossible. Two big things happened: First, a bunch of new ideas about linguistics that came from studying the computational universe; and second, the realization that having actual computable knowledge completely changes how one can set about understanding language. And, of course, now with Wolfram Alpha actually out in the wild, we can learn from its actual usage. And, in fact, there&apos;s been an interesting coevolution that&apos;s been going on between Wolfram Alpha and its human users, and it&apos;s really encouraging. Right now, if we look at web queries, more than 80 percent of them get handled successfully the first time. And if you look at things like the iPhone app, the fraction is considerably larger. So, I&apos;m pretty pleased with it all. But, in many ways, we&apos;re still at the very beginning with Wolfram Alpha. I mean, everything is scaling up very nicely and we&apos;re getting more confident. You can expect to see Wolfram Alpha technology showing up in more and more places, working both with this kind of public data, like on the website, and with private knowledge for people and companies and so on. You know, I&apos;ve realized that Wolfram Alpha actually gives one a whole new kind of computing that one can call knowledge-based computing, in which one&apos;s starting not just from raw computation, but from a vast amount of built-in knowledge. And when one does that, one really changes the economics of delivering computational things, whether it&apos;s on the web or elsewhere. You know, we have a fairly interesting situation right now. On the one hand, we have Mathematica, with its sort of precise, formal language and a huge network of carefully designed capabilities able to get a lot done in just a few lines. Let me show you a couple of examples here. So here&apos;s a trivial piece of Mathematica programming. Here&apos;s something where we&apos;re sort of integrating a bunch of different capabilities here. Here we&apos;ll just create, in this line, a little user interface that allows us to do something fun there. If you go on, that&apos;s a slightly more complicated program that&apos;s now doing all sorts of algorithmic things and creating user interface and so on. But it&apos;s something that is very precise stuff. It&apos;s a precise specification with a precise formal language that causes Mathematica to know what to do here. Then on the other hand, we have Wolfram Alpha, with all the messiness of the world and human language and so on built into it. So what happens when you put these things together? I think it&apos;s actually rather wonderful. With Wolfram Alpha inside Mathematica, you can, for example, make precise programs that call on real world data. Here&apos;s a real simple example. You can also just sort of give vague input and then try and have Wolfram Alpha figure out what you&apos;re talking about. Let&apos;s try this here. But actually I think the most exciting thing about this is that it really gives one the chance to democratize programming. I mean, anyone will be able to say what they want in plain language. Then, the idea is that Wolfram Alpha will be able to figure out what precise pieces of code can do what they&apos;re asking for and then show them examples that will let them pick what they need to build up bigger and bigger, precise programs. So, sometimes, Wolfram Alpha will be able to do the whole thing immediately and just give back a whole big program that you can then compute with. Here&apos;s a big website where we&apos;ve been collecting lots of educational and other demonstrations about lots of kinds of things. I&apos;ll show you one example here. This is just an example of one of these computable documents. This is probably a fairly small piece of Mathematica code that&apos;s able to be run here. Okay. Let&apos;s zoom out again. So, given our new kind of science, is there a general way to use it to make technology? So, with physical materials, we&apos;re used to going around the world and discovering that particular materials are useful for particular technological purposes. Well, it turns out we can do very much the same kind of thing in the computational universe. There&apos;s an inexhaustible supply of programs out there. The challenge is to see how to harness them for human purposes. Something like Rule 30, for example, turns out to be a really good randomness generator. Other simple programs are good models for processes in the natural or social world. And, for example, Wolfram Alpha and Mathematica are actually now full of algorithms that we discovered by searching the computational universe. And, for example, this -- if we go back here -- this has become surprisingly popular among composers finding musical forms by searching the computational universe. In a sense, we can use the computational universe to get mass customized creativity. I&apos;m hoping we can, for example, use that even to get Wolfram Alpha to routinely do invention and discovery on the fly, and to find all sorts of wonderful stuff that no engineer and no process of incremental evolution would ever come up with. Well, so, that leads to kind of an ultimate question: Could it be that someplace out there in the computational universe we might find our physical universe? Perhaps there&apos;s even some quite simple rule, some simple program for our universe. Well, the history of physics would have us believe that the rule for the universe must be pretty complicated. But in the computational universe, we&apos;ve now seen how rules that are incredibly simple can produce incredibly rich and complex behavior. So could that be what&apos;s going on with our whole universe? If the rules for the universe are simple, it&apos;s kind of inevitable that they have to be very abstract and very low level; operating, for example, far below the level of space or time, which makes it hard to represent things. But in at least a large class of cases, one can think of the universe as being like some kind of network, which, when it gets big enough, behaves like continuous space in much the same way as having lots of molecules can behave like a continuous fluid. Well, then the universe has to evolve by applying little rules that progressively update this network. And each possible rule, in a sense, corresponds to a candidate universe. Actually, I haven&apos;t shown these before, but here are a few of the candidate universes that I&apos;ve looked at. Some of these are hopeless universes, completely sterile, with other kinds of pathologies like no notion of space, no notion of time, no matter, other problems like that. But the exciting thing that I&apos;ve found in the last few years is that you actually don&apos;t have to go very far in the computational universe before you start finding candidate universes that aren&apos;t obviously not our universe. Here&apos;s the problem: Any serious candidate for our universe is inevitably full of computational irreducibility. Which means that it is irreducibly difficult to find out how it will really behave, and whether it matches our physical universe. A few years ago, I was pretty excited to discover that there are candidate universes with incredibly simple rules that successfully reproduce special relativity, and even general relativity and gravitation, and at least give hints of quantum mechanics. So, will we find the whole of physics? I don&apos;t know for sure, but I think at this point it&apos;s sort of almost embarrassing not to at least try. Not an easy project. One&apos;s got to build a lot of technology. One&apos;s got to build a structure that&apos;s probably at least as deep as existing physics. And I&apos;m not sure what the best way to organize the whole thing is. Build a team, open it up, offer prizes and so on. But I&apos;ll tell you, here today, that I&apos;m committed to seeing this project done, to see if, within this decade, we can finally hold in our hands the rule for our universe and know where our universe lies in the space of all possible universes ... and be able to type into Wolfram Alpha, &quot;the theory of the universe,&quot; and have it tell us. (Laughter) So I&apos;ve been working on the idea of computation now for more than 30 years, building tools and methods and turning intellectual ideas into millions of lines of code and grist for server farms and so on. With every passing year, I realize how much more powerful the idea of computation really is. It&apos;s taken us a long way already, but there&apos;s so much more to come. From the foundations of science to the limits of technology to the very definition of the human condition, I think computation is destined to be the defining idea of our future. Thank you. (Applause) Chris Anderson: That was astonishing. Stay here. I&apos;ve got a question. (Applause) So, that was, fair to say, an astonishing talk. Are you able to say in a sentence or two how this type of thinking could integrate at some point to things like string theory or the kind of things that people think of as the fundamental explanations of the universe? Stephen Wolfram: Well, the parts of physics that we kind of know to be true, things like the standard model of physics: what I&apos;m trying to do better reproduce the standard model of physics or it&apos;s simply wrong. The things that people have tried to do in the last 25 years or so with string theory and so on have been an interesting exploration that has tried to get back to the standard model, but hasn&apos;t quite gotten there. My guess is that some great simplifications of what I&apos;m doing may actually have considerable resonance with what&apos;s been done in string theory, but that&apos;s a complicated math thing that I don&apos;t yet know how it&apos;s going to work out. CA: Benoit Mandelbrot is in the audience. He also has shown how complexity can arise out of a simple start. Does your work relate to his? SW: I think so. I view Benoit Mandelbrot&apos;s work as one of the founding contributions to this kind of area. Benoit has been particularly interested in nested patterns, in fractals and so on, where the structure is something that&apos;s kind of tree-like, and where there&apos;s sort of a big branch that makes little branches and even smaller branches and so on. That&apos;s one of the ways that you get towards true complexity. I think things like the Rule 30 cellular automaton get us to a different level. In fact, in a very precise way, they get us to a different level because they seem to be things that are capable of complexity that&apos;s sort of as great as complexity can ever get ... I could go on about this at great length, but I won&apos;t. (Laughter) (Applause) CA: Stephen Wolfram, thank you. (Applause)

Help discover ancient ruins -- before it&apos;s too late
As an archaeologist, I&apos;m most often asked what my favorite discovery is. The answer&apos;s easy: my husband, Greg. (Laughter) We met in Egypt on my first dig. It was my first lesson in finding unexpected, wonderful things. This began an incredible archaeological partnership. Years later, I proposed to him in front of our favorite pair statue of the Prince and Princess Rahotep and Nofret, in the Cairo Museum, dating to 4,600 years ago. I thought if I was going to ask Greg to spend the rest of this life with me, then I should ask him in front of two people who had pledged to be together for eternity. These symbols endure because when we look at them, we&apos;re looking at mirrors. They are powerful reminders that our common humanity has not changed. The thrill of archaeological discovery is as powerful as love, because ancient history is the most seductive mistress imaginable. Many archaeologists have devoted their lives to unraveling the mysteries of the past under hot suns and Arctic winds and in dense rainforests. Many seek. Some discover. All worship at the temple of possibility that one discovery might change history. On my first day in Egypt, I worked at a site in the Northeast Egyptian Delta called Mendes, dating to 4,200 years ago, in a cemetery. That&apos;s a picture of me -- I&apos;m just in my bliss. On the dig, surrounded by emerald green rice paddies, I discovered an intact pot. Flipping it over, I discovered a human thumbprint left by whoever made the vessel. For a moment, time stood still. I didn&apos;t know where I was. It was because at that moment I realized, when we dig, we&apos;re digging for people, not things. Never are we so present as when we are in the midst of the great past. I can&apos;t tell you how many times I&apos;ve stood in front of the Pyramids of Giza, and they leave me speechless. I feel like the luckiest person in the world. They&apos;re a monument to our human brilliance and everything that is possible. Many cannot process their brilliance as human -- they think aliens built them. But this is ridiculous. All you need to do is get up close and personal, and see the hidden hand of man in the chisel marks left by the tools that built them. The Great Pyramid of Giza was built one stone at a time with 2.3 million blocks, with incredible bureaucratic efficiency. It is not the pyramids that stand the test of time; it is human ingenuity. That is our shared human brilliance. History may be cyclical, but we are singular. I love what I do, because I learn that we haven&apos;t changed. I get to read about mother-in-law jokes from Mesopotamia from 3,500 years ago. (Laughter) I get to hear about neighbors cursing each other from 4,600 years ago in Egypt. And my absolute favorite, from 3,300 years ago in Luxor: an inscription that describes schoolboys who cut class to go drinking. (Laughter) Kids these days. (Laughter) I get to see the most incredible architecture, see stunning sculptures -- I mean, this is basically a selfie in stone -- and see that we&apos;ve always rocked serious bling. And also, we&apos;ve been posting on walls and obsessing about cats -- (Laughter) for thousands of years. (Laughter) (Applause) Archaeologists are the cultural memory preservers and the spokespeople for the billions of people and the thousands of cultures that came before us. Good science, imagination and a leap of faith are the trifecta we use to raise the dead. In the last year, archaeologists have made incredible discoveries, including: new human ancestors from South Africa; tools from 3.3 million years ago -- these are the oldest tools ever discovered -- in Kenya. And this, from a series of medical implements found from Blackbeard&apos;s ship from 1718. What you&apos;re looking at is a medical tool used to treat syphilis. Ouch! (Laughter) For each of these, there are thousands of other incredibly important discoveries made by my colleagues, that do not make headlines. However, I believe that the most important thing we do as archaeologists is acknowledge that past people existed and lived lives worth learning about. Can you even imagine what the world would be like today if we acknowledged all human beings in this way? So, on a dig, we have a challenge: it often looks like this. You can&apos;t see anything. Where are we going to start digging? This is from a site south of Cairo. Let&apos;s have a look from space. Again, you can&apos;t really see much. What you&apos;re looking at is a WorldView-3 satellite image, which has a .3 meter resolution. That&apos;s 10 inches. This means that you can zoom in from 400 miles in space and see your tablets. How do I know about this? It&apos;s because I&apos;m a space archaeologist. Let me repeat that. I am a space archaeologist. This means -- (Applause) Thank you. This means I use satellite images and process them using algorithms, and look at subtle differences in the light spectrum that indicate buried things under the ground that I get to go excavate and survey. By the way -- NASA has a Space Archaeology program, so it&apos;s a real job. (Laughter) So, let&apos;s have a look again. We&apos;re back at the site just south of Cairo. You can&apos;t see anything. Keep your eye on the red rectangle. When we process the image using algorithms -- think like a space-based CAT scan -- this is what you see. This rectilinear form is an ancient tomb that is previously unknown and unexcavated, and you all are the first people to see it in thousands of years. (Applause) I believe we have barely scratched the surface in terms of what&apos;s left to discover. In the Egyptian Delta alone, we&apos;ve excavated less than one-1000th of one percent of the total volume of Egyptian sites. When you add to that the thousands of other sites my team and I have discovered, what we thought we knew pales in comparison to what we have left to discover. When you look at the incredible work that my colleagues are doing all around the world and what they&apos;re finding, I believe that there are millions of undiscovered archaeological sites left to find. Discovering them will do nothing less than unlock the full potential of our existence. But we have a challenge. Over the last year, we&apos;ve seen horrible headlines of incredible destruction going on to archaeological sites, and massive looting by people like ISIL. ISIL has destroyed temples at Palmyra. Who blows up a temple? They&apos;ve destroyed the Tomb of Jonah. And we&apos;ve seen looting at sites so rampant, it looks like craters of the moon. Knowing ISIL&apos;s desire to destroy modern human lives, it&apos;s a natural extension for them to destroy cultural identity as well. Countless invading armies have done the same throughout history. We know that ISIL is profiting from the looting of sites, but we don&apos;t know the scale. This means that any object purchased on the market today from the Middle East could potentially be funding terrorism. When a site is looted, it&apos;s as if a puzzle already missing 90 percent of it pieces has had the rest obscured beyond recognition. This is ancient identity theft writ large. We know that there are two kinds of looting going on: looting by criminal elements like ISIL, and then more local looting by those that are desperate for money. We would all do the same to feed our families; I don&apos;t blame the local looters. I blame the middlemen, the unethical traffickers and an international art market that exploits often ambiguous or even completely nonexistent laws. We know looting is going on on a global scale and it&apos;s increasing, but presently we don&apos;t have any tools to stop it. This is beginning to change. My team and I have just completed a study looking at looting in Egypt. We looked at open-source data and mapped the entirety of looting across Egypt from 2002 to 2013. We found evidence of looting and site destruction at 267 sites, and mapped over 200,000 looting pits. It&apos;s astonishing. And putting that data together -- you can see the looting pits marked here. At one site, the looting got bad from 2009, 2011, 2012 -- hundreds and hundreds of pits. Putting all the data together, what we found is that, contrary to popular opinion, looting did not start to get worse in Egypt in 2011 after the Arab Spring, but in 2009, after the global recession. Thus, we&apos;ve shown with big data that looting is fundamentally an economic issue. If we do nothing to stop the problem, all of Egypt&apos;s sites will be affected by looting by 2040. Thus, we are at a tipping point. We are the generation with all the tools and all the technologies to stop looting, but we&apos;re not working fast enough. Sometimes an archaeological site can surprise you with its resilience. I am just back from the field, where I co-led a joint mission with Egypt&apos;s Ministry of Antiquities at a site called Lisht. This site dates to the Middle Kingdom of Egypt between 2,000 and 1,750 BC. The Middle Kingdom was Ancient Egypt&apos;s Renaissance period. After a time of intense internal strife and environmental challenges, Egypt rebounded with an incredible resurgence of art, architecture and literature. It&apos;s a favorite period of time to study in Egypt, because it teaches us so much about how we can survive and thrive after great disasters. Now at this site, we had already mapped countless looting pits. Lisht is a royal site; there would have been thousands of people buried there who lived and worked at the court of Pharaoh. You can see this before and after; you see dozens of looting pits. North Lisht. This is in South Lisht, before and after. When we first visited the site, we could see the tombs of many high-ranking officials that had been looted. Let me put into perspective for you what was taken. Imagine a two meter by two meter area full of coffins, jewelry and incredible statuary. Multiply that times over a thousand. That&apos;s what was taken. So, when we started work, my Egyptian co-director, Mohamed Youssef, approached me and said, &quot;We must work at this one particular tomb. It&apos;s been attacked by looters. If we don&apos;t do anything, they&apos;ll be back.&quot; Of course I agreed, but I didn&apos;t think we&apos;d find anything. I thought the looters had stolen everything. What we started to find were the most incredible reliefs. Look at this painting -- it&apos;s just stunning. We started finding engraved inscriptions. And even the titles of the tomb owner -- he had titles like, &quot;Overseer of the Army,&quot; &quot;Overseer of the Treasury.&quot; I began to have hope. Maybe, just maybe we would find his name. For the ancient Egyptians, having their name last for eternity was their goal. And then one day, this appeared. This is the name of the tomb owner: Intef. You can see it written out here, in hieroglyphs. Working together with my Egyptian team, we had restored someone&apos;s name from 3,900 years ago. (Applause) Working together with my Egyptian colleagues, we celebrated this moment of shared discovery. What we were doing together was right and true. We found this incredible false door, mostly intact. On it we read about Intef and his inscriptions. You can actually even see him seated here. What I realized is that everything I had assumed about looted sites had been proven wrong. Every day on site we worked together with 70 Egyptians as colleagues and friends. In the face of so much hatred and ignorance against those in the Middle East, every moment on site felt like a protest for peace. When you work with those that don&apos;t look like you, or think like you, or speak like you, your shared mission of archaeological discovery erases all superficial differences. What I learned this season is that archaeology isn&apos;t about what you find. It&apos;s about what you can prove possible. Sometimes when you travel, you end up finding long-lost family -- not those with whom you share genes, but a shared entry in the book of life. This is Omer Farrouk, my brother. Omer&apos;s a Gufti from a village just North of Luxor, called Guft. Guftis are part of a celebrated tradition in Egyptology. They help with digging and work crew organization. Omer is my COO and CFO. I simply couldn&apos;t do work without him. One day many years ago, when I was a young graduate student and Omer was a young Gufti who couldn&apos;t speak much English, we learned, completely randomly, that we were born in the same year, the same month and the same day, six hours apart. Twins. (Laughter) Separated by an ocean, but forever connected for Ancient Egypt is our mother. I knew then we&apos;d always work together -- not in my brain, but in the part of your soul that knows not everything can be explained. (Arabic) Omer by brother, I will always love you. (English) Omer my brother, I will always love you. So, just before my first dig in Egypt, my mentor, the very famous Egyptologist Professor William Kelly Simpson, called me into his office. He handed me a check for $2,000, and said, &quot;This is to cover your expenses. Have a glorious adventure this summer. Someday you will do this for someone else.&quot; Thus, my TED Prize wish is partial payback, plus interest -- (Laughter) for a great human being&apos;s generosity and kindness. So, my wish. I wish for us to discover the millions of unknown archaeological sites around the world. By creating a 21st-century army of global explorers, we&apos;ll find and protect the world&apos;s hidden heritage, which contains clues to humankind&apos;s collective resilience and creativity. (Applause) Thank you. (Applause) So how are we going to do this? We are going to build with the TED Prize money an online, crowdsource, citizen science platform to allow anyone in the world to engage with discovering archaeological sites. There are only a couple hundred of us space archaeologists around the world. It is my dream to engage the world with helping to find sites and protect them. What you&apos;ll do is sign in, create a username -- note that this particular username is already taken. (Laughter) You&apos;ll take a tutorial and you&apos;ll start work. I want to note at the outset that in no way will be sharing GPS data or mapping data for sites. We want to treat them like human patient data, and not reveal their locations. You&apos;ll then be dealt a card from a deck -- 20 x 20 meters or 30 x 30 meters, and you&apos;ll be looking for features. My team and I will have batch-processed large amounts of satellite data using algorithms in order for you to find things, so you&apos;ll be doing really good science. You&apos;ll then be starting to look. What do you see? Do you see a temple? Do you see a tomb? Do you see a pyramid? Do you see any potential site damage or site looting? You&apos;ll then begin to mark what&apos;s there. And off to the side are always going to be rich examples of exactly what you&apos;re seeing, to help guide you. All the data that you help us collect will be shared with vetted authorities, and will help create a new global alarm system to help protect sites. But it&apos;s not just going to stop there. All the archaeologists with whom we share your discoveries will take you with them as they begin to excavate them, by using Periscope, Google Plus and social media. A hundred years ago, archaeology was for the rich. Fifty years ago, it was for men. Now it&apos;s primarily for academics. Our goal is to democratize the process of archaeological discovery, and allow anyone to participate. Ninety-four years ago, Howard Carter discovered the tomb of King Tut. Who is the next Howard Carter? It might be you. By creating this platform, we will find the millions of places occupied by the billions of people that came before us. If we want to answer the big questions about who we are and where we&apos;ve come from, the answers to those questions do not lie in pyramids or palaces, but in the cities and villages of those that came before us. If we want to learn about the past, it&apos;s time we inverted the pyramids. Acknowledging that the past is worth saving means so much more. It means that we&apos;re worth saving, too. And the greatest story ever told is the story of our shared human journey. But the only way we&apos;re going to be able to write it is if we do it together. Come with me. Thank you. (Applause)

Your elusive creative genius
I am a writer. Writing books is my profession but it's more than that, of course. It is also my great lifelong love and fascination. And I don't expect that that's ever going to change. But, that said, something kind of peculiar has happened recently in my life and in my career, which has caused me to have to recalibrate my whole relationship with this work. And the peculiar thing is that I recently wrote this book, this memoir called "Eat, Pray, Love" which, decidedly unlike any of my previous books, went out in the world for some reason, and became this big, mega-sensation, international bestseller thing. The result of which is that everywhere I go now, people treat me like I'm doomed. Seriously -- doomed, doomed! Like, they come up to me now, all worried, and they say, "Aren't you afraid you're never going to be able to top that? Aren't you afraid you're going to keep writing for your whole life and you're never again going to create a book that anybody in the world cares about at all, ever again?"
So that's reassuring, you know. But it would be worse, except for that I happen to remember that over 20 years ago, when I was a teenager, when I first started telling people that I wanted to be a writer, I was met with this same sort of fear-based reaction. And people would say, "Aren't you afraid you're never going to have any success? Aren't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you? Aren't you afraid that you're going to work your whole life at this craft and nothing's ever going to come of it and you're going to die on a scrap heap of broken dreams with your mouth filled with bitter ash of failure?"
(Laughter)
Like that, you know.
The answer -- the short answer to all those questions is, "Yes." Yes, I'm afraid of all those things. And I always have been. And I'm afraid of many, many more things besides that people can't even guess at, like seaweed and other things that are scary. But, when it comes to writing, the thing that I've been sort of thinking about lately, and wondering about lately, is why? You know, is it rational? Is it logical that anybody should be expected to be afraid of the work that they feel they were put on this Earth to do. And what is it specifically about creative ventures that seems to make us really nervous about each other's mental health in a way that other careers kind of don't do, you know? Like my dad, for example, was a chemical engineer and I don't recall once in his 40 years of chemical engineering anybody asking him if he was afraid to be a chemical engineer, you know? "That chemical-engineering block, John, how's it going?" It just didn't come up like that, you know? But to be fair, chemical engineers as a group haven't really earned a reputation over the centuries for being alcoholic manic-depressives.
(Laughter)
We writers, we kind of do have that reputation, and not just writers, but creative people across all genres, it seems, have this reputation for being enormously mentally unstable. And all you have to do is look at the very grim death count in the 20th century alone, of really magnificent creative minds who died young and often at their own hands, you know? And even the ones who didn't literally commit suicide seem to be really undone by their gifts, you know. Norman Mailer, just before he died, last interview, he said, "Every one of my books has killed me a little more." An extraordinary statement to make about your life's work. But we don't even blink when we hear somebody say this, because we've heard that kind of stuff for so long and somehow we've completely internalized and accepted collectively this notion that creativity and suffering are somehow inherently linked and that artistry, in the end, will always ultimately lead to anguish.
And the question that I want to ask everybody here today is are you guys all cool with that idea? Are you comfortable with that? Because you look at it even from an inch away and, you know -- I'm not at all comfortable with that assumption. I think it's odious. And I also think it's dangerous, and I don't want to see it perpetuated into the next century. I think it's better if we encourage our great creative minds to live.
And I definitely know that, in my case -- in my situation -- it would be very dangerous for me to start sort of leaking down that dark path of assumption, particularly given the circumstance that I'm in right now in my career. Which is -- you know, like check it out, I'm pretty young, I'm only about 40 years old. I still have maybe another four decades of work left in me. And it's exceedingly likely that anything I write from this point forward is going to be judged by the world as the work that came after the freakish success of my last book, right? I should just put it bluntly, because we're all sort of friends here now -- it's exceedingly likely that my greatest success is behind me. So Jesus, what a thought! That's the kind of thought that could lead a person to start drinking gin at nine o'clock in the morning, and I don't want to go there.
(Laughter)
I would prefer to keep doing this work that I love.
And so, the question becomes, how? And so, it seems to me, upon a lot of reflection, that the way that I have to work now, in order to continue writing, is that I have to create some sort of protective psychological construct, right? I have to sort of find some way to have a safe distance between me, as I am writing, and my very natural anxiety about what the reaction to that writing is going to be, from now on. And, as I've been looking, over the last year, for models for how to do that, I've been sort of looking across time, and I've been trying to find other societies to see if they might have had better and saner ideas than we have about how to help creative people sort of manage the inherent emotional risks of creativity.
And that search has led me to ancient Greece and ancient Rome. So stay with me, because it does circle around and back. But, ancient Greece and ancient Rome -- people did not happen to believe that creativity came from human beings back then, OK? People believed that creativity was this divine attendant spirit that came to human beings from some distant and unknowable source, for distant and unknowable reasons. The Greeks famously called these divine attendant spirits of creativity "daemons." Socrates, famously, believed that he had a daemon who spoke wisdom to him from afar.
The Romans had the same idea, but they called that sort of disembodied creative spirit a genius. Which is great, because the Romans did not actually think that a genius was a particularly clever individual. They believed that a genius was this, sort of magical divine entity, who was believed to literally live in the walls of an artist's studio, kind of like Dobby the house elf, and who would come out and sort of invisibly assist the artist with their work and would shape the outcome of that work.
So brilliant -- there it is, right there, that distance that I'm talking about -- that psychological construct to protect you from the results of your work. And everyone knew that this is how it functioned, right? So the ancient artist was protected from certain things, like, for example, too much narcissism, right? If your work was brilliant, you couldn't take all the credit for it, everybody knew that you had this disembodied genius who had helped you. If your work bombed, not entirely your fault, you know? Everyone knew your genius was kind of lame.
(Laughter)
And this is how people thought about creativity in the West for a really long time. And then the Renaissance came and everything changed, and we had this big idea, and the big idea was, let's put the individual human being at the center of the universe above all gods and mysteries, and there's no more room for mystical creatures who take dictation from the divine. And it's the beginning of rational humanism, and people started to believe that creativity came completely from the self of the individual. And for the first time in history, you start to hear people referring to this or that artist as being a genius, rather than having a genius.
And I got to tell you, I think that was a huge error. You know, I think that allowing somebody, one mere person to believe that he or she is like, the vessel, you know, like the font and the essence and the source of all divine, creative, unknowable, eternal mystery is just a smidge too much responsibility to put on one fragile, human psyche. It's like asking somebody to swallow the sun. It just completely warps and distorts egos, and it creates all these unmanageable expectations about performance. And I think the pressure of that has been killing off our artists for the last 500 years.
And, if this is true, and I think it is true, the question becomes, what now? Can we do this differently? Maybe go back to some more ancient understanding about the relationship between humans and the creative mystery. Maybe not. Maybe we can't just erase 500 years of rational humanistic thought in one 18 minute speech. And there's probably people in this audience who would raise really legitimate scientific suspicions about the notion of, basically, fairies who follow people around rubbing fairy juice on their projects and stuff. I'm not, probably, going to bring you all along with me on this.
But the question that I kind of want to pose is -- you know, why not? Why not think about it this way? Because it makes as much sense as anything else I have ever heard in terms of explaining the utter maddening capriciousness of the creative process. A process which, as anybody who has ever tried to make something -- which is to say basically everyone here --- knows does not always behave rationally. And, in fact, can sometimes feel downright paranormal.
I had this encounter recently where I met the extraordinary American poet Ruth Stone, who's now in her 90s, but she's been a poet her entire life and she told me that when she was growing up in rural Virginia, she would be out working in the fields, and she said she would feel and hear a poem coming at her from over the landscape. And she said it was like a thunderous train of air. And it would come barreling down at her over the landscape. And she felt it coming, because it would shake the earth under her feet. She knew that she had only one thing to do at that point, and that was to, in her words, "run like hell." And she would run like hell to the house and she would be getting chased by this poem, and the whole deal was that she had to get to a piece of paper and a pencil fast enough so that when it thundered through her, she could collect it and grab it on the page. And other times she wouldn't be fast enough, so she'd be running and running, and she wouldn't get to the house and the poem would barrel through her and she would miss it and she said it would continue on across the landscape, looking, as she put it "for another poet." And then there were these times -- this is the piece I never forgot -- she said that there were moments where she would almost miss it, right? So, she's running to the house and she's looking for the paper and the poem passes through her, and she grabs a pencil just as it's going through her, and then she said, it was like she would reach out with her other hand and she would catch it. She would catch the poem by its tail, and she would pull it backwards into her body as she was transcribing on the page. And in these instances, the poem would come up on the page perfect and intact but backwards, from the last word to the first.
(Laughter)
So when I heard that I was like -- that's uncanny, that's exactly what my creative process is like.
(Laughter)
That's not at all what my creative process is -- I'm not the pipeline! I'm a mule, and the way that I have to work is I have to get up at the same time every day, and sweat and labor and barrel through it really awkwardly. But even I, in my mulishness, even I have brushed up against that thing, at times. And I would imagine that a lot of you have too. You know, even I have had work or ideas come through me from a source that I honestly cannot identify. And what is that thing? And how are we to relate to it in a way that will not make us lose our minds, but, in fact, might actually keep us sane?
And for me, the best contemporary example that I have of how to do that is the musician Tom Waits, who I got to interview several years ago on a magazine assignment. And we were talking about this, and you know, Tom, for most of his life, he was pretty much the embodiment of the tormented contemporary modern artist, trying to control and manage and dominate these sort of uncontrollable creative impulses that were totally internalized.
But then he got older, he got calmer, and one day he was driving down the freeway in Los Angeles, and this is when it all changed for him. And he's speeding along, and all of a sudden he hears this little fragment of melody, that comes into his head as inspiration often comes, elusive and tantalizing, and he wants it, it's gorgeous, and he longs for it, but he has no way to get it. He doesn't have a piece of paper, or a pencil, or a tape recorder.
So he starts to feel all of that old anxiety start to rise in him like, "I'm going to lose this thing, and I'll be be haunted by this song forever. I'm not good enough, and I can't do it." And instead of panicking, he just stopped. He just stopped that whole mental process and he did something completely novel. He just looked up at the sky, and he said, "Excuse me, can you not see that I'm driving?"
(Laughter)
"Do I look like I can write down a song right now? If you really want to exist, come back at a more opportune moment when I can take care of you. Otherwise, go bother somebody else today. Go bother Leonard Cohen."
And his whole work process changed after that. Not the work, the work was still oftentimes as dark as ever. But the process, and the heavy anxiety around it was released when he took the genie, the genius out of him where it was causing nothing but trouble, and released it back where it came from, and realized that this didn't have to be this internalized, tormented thing. It could be this peculiar, wondrous, bizarre collaboration, kind of conversation between Tom and the strange, external thing that was not quite Tom.
When I heard that story, it started to shift a little bit the way that I worked too, and this idea already saved me once. It saved me when I was in the middle of writing "Eat, Pray, Love," and I fell into one of those sort of pits of despair that we all fall into when we're working on something and it's not coming and you start to think this is going to be a disaster, the worst book ever written. Not just bad, but the worst book ever written. And I started to think I should just dump this project. But then I remembered Tom talking to the open air and I tried it. So I just lifted my face up from the manuscript and I directed my comments to an empty corner of the room. And I said aloud, "Listen you, thing, you and I both know that if this book isn't brilliant that is not entirely my fault, right? Because you can see that I am putting everything I have into this, I don't have any more than this. If you want it to be better, you've got to show up and do your part of the deal. But if you don't do that, you know what, the hell with it. I'm going to keep writing anyway because that's my job. And I would please like the record to reflect today that I showed up for my part of the job."
(Laughter)
Because --
(Applause)
Because in the end it's like this, OK -- centuries ago in the deserts of North Africa, people used to gather for these moonlight dances of sacred dance and music that would go on for hours and hours, until dawn. They were always magnificent, because the dancers were professionals and they were terrific, right? But every once in a while, very rarely, something would happen, and one of these performers would actually become transcendent. And I know you know what I'm talking about, because I know you've all seen, at some point in your life, a performance like this. It was like time would stop, and the dancer would sort of step through some kind of portal and he wasn't doing anything different than he had ever done, 1,000 nights before, but everything would align. And all of a sudden, he would no longer appear to be merely human. He would be lit from within, and lit from below and all lit up on fire with divinity.
And when this happened, back then, people knew it for what it was, you know, they called it by its name. They would put their hands together and they would start to chant, "Allah, Allah, Allah, God, God, God." That's God, you know. Curious historical footnote: when the Moors invaded southern Spain, they took this custom with them and the pronunciation changed over the centuries from "Allah, Allah, Allah," to "Olé, olé, olé," which you still hear in bullfights and in flamenco dances. In Spain, when a performer has done something impossible and magic, "Allah, olé, olé, Allah, magnificent, bravo," incomprehensible, there it is -- a glimpse of God. Which is great, because we need that.
But, the tricky bit comes the next morning, for the dancer himself, when he wakes up and discovers that it's Tuesday at 11 a.m., and he's no longer a glimpse of God. He's just an aging mortal with really bad knees, and maybe he's never going to ascend to that height again. And maybe nobody will ever chant God's name again as he spins, and what is he then to do with the rest of his life? This is hard. This is one of the most painful reconciliations to make in a creative life. But maybe it doesn't have to be quite so full of anguish if you never happened to believe, in the first place, that the most extraordinary aspects of your being came from you. But maybe if you just believed that they were on loan to you from some unimaginable source for some exquisite portion of your life to be passed along when you're finished, with somebody else. And, you know, if we think about it this way, it starts to change everything.
This is how I've started to think, and this is certainly how I've been thinking in the last few months as I've been working on the book that will soon be published, as the dangerously, frighteningly over-anticipated follow up to my freakish success.
And what I have to sort of keep telling myself when I get really psyched out about that is don't be afraid. Don't be daunted. Just do your job. Continue to show up for your piece of it, whatever that might be. If your job is to dance, do your dance. If the divine, cockeyed genius assigned to your case decides to let some sort of wonderment be glimpsed, for just one moment through your efforts, then "Olé!" And if not, do your dance anyhow. And "Olé!" to you, nonetheless. I believe this and I feel that we must teach it. "Olé!" to you, nonetheless, just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up.
Thank you.
(Applause)

What do babies think?
What is going on in this baby's mind? If you'd asked people this 30 years ago, most people, including psychologists, would have said that this baby was irrational, illogical, egocentric -- that he couldn't take the perspective of another person or understand cause and effect. In the last 20 years, developmental science has completely overturned that picture. So in some ways, we think that this baby's thinking is like the thinking of the most brilliant scientists.
Let me give you just one example of this. One thing that this baby could be thinking about, that could be going on in his mind, is trying to figure out what's going on in the mind of that other baby. After all, one of the things that's hardest for all of us to do is to figure out what other people are thinking and feeling. And maybe the hardest thing of all is to figure out that what other people think and feel isn't actually exactly like what we think and feel. Anyone who's followed politics can testify to how hard that is for some people to get. We wanted to know if babies and young children could understand this really profound thing about other people. Now the question is: How could we ask them? Babies, after all, can't talk, and if you ask a three year-old to tell you what he thinks, what you'll get is a beautiful stream of consciousness monologue about ponies and birthdays and things like that. So how do we actually ask them the question?
Well it turns out that the secret was broccoli. What we did -- Betty Rapacholi, who was one of my students, and I -- was actually to give the babies two bowls of food: one bowl of raw broccoli and one bowl of delicious goldfish crackers. Now all of the babies, even in Berkley, like the crackers and don't like the raw broccoli. (Laughter) But then what Betty did was to take a little taste of food from each bowl. And she would act as if she liked it or she didn't. So half the time, she acted as if she liked the crackers and didn't like the broccoli -- just like a baby and any other sane person. But half the time, what she would do is take a little bit of the broccoli and go, "Mmmmm, broccoli. I tasted the broccoli. Mmmmm." And then she would take a little bit of the crackers, and she'd go, "Eww, yuck, crackers. I tasted the crackers. Eww, yuck." So she'd act as if what she wanted was just the opposite of what the babies wanted. We did this with 15 and 18 month-old babies. And then she would simply put her hand out and say, "Can you give me some?"
So the question is: What would the baby give her, what they liked or what she liked? And the remarkable thing was that 18 month-old babies, just barely walking and talking, would give her the crackers if she liked the crackers, but they would give her the broccoli if she liked the broccoli. On the other hand, 15 month-olds would stare at her for a long time if she acted as if she liked the broccoli, like they couldn't figure this out. But then after they stared for a long time, they would just give her the crackers, what they thought everybody must like. So there are two really remarkable things about this. The first one is that these little 18 month-old babies have already discovered this really profound fact about human nature, that we don't always want the same thing. And what's more, they felt that they should actually do things to help other people get what they wanted.
Even more remarkably though, the fact that 15 month-olds didn't do this suggests that these 18 month-olds had learned this deep, profound fact about human nature in the three months from when they were 15 months old. So children both know more and learn more than we ever would have thought. And this is just one of hundreds and hundreds of studies over the last 20 years that's actually demonstrated it.
The question you might ask though is: Why do children learn so much? And how is it possible for them to learn so much in such a short time? I mean, after all, if you look at babies superficially, they seem pretty useless. And actually in many ways, they're worse than useless, because we have to put so much time and energy into just keeping them alive. But if we turn to evolution for an answer to this puzzle of why we spend so much time taking care of useless babies, it turns out that there's actually an answer. If we look across many, many different species of animals, not just us primates, but also including other mammals, birds, even marsupials like kangaroos and wombats, it turns out that there's a relationship between how long a childhood a species has and how big their brains are compared to their bodies and how smart and flexible they are.
And sort of the posterbirds for this idea are the birds up there. On one side is a New Caledonian crow. And crows and other corvidae, ravens, rooks and so forth, are incredibly smart birds. They're as smart as chimpanzees in some respects. And this is a bird on the cover of science who's learned how to use a tool to get food. On the other hand, we have our friend the domestic chicken. And chickens and ducks and geese and turkeys are basically as dumb as dumps. So they're very, very good at pecking for grain, and they're not much good at doing anything else. Well it turns out that the babies, the New Caledonian crow babies, are fledglings. They depend on their moms to drop worms in their little open mouths for as long as two years, which is a really long time in the life of a bird. Whereas the chickens are actually mature within a couple of months. So childhood is the reason why the crows end up on the cover of Science and the chickens end up in the soup pot.
There's something about that long childhood that seems to be connected to knowledge and learning. Well what kind of explanation could we have for this? Well some animals, like the chicken, seem to be beautifully suited to doing just one thing very well. So they seem to be beautifully suited to pecking grain in one environment. Other creatures, like the crows, aren't very good at doing anything in particular, but they're extremely good at learning about laws of different environments.
And of course, we human beings are way out on the end of the distribution like the crows. We have bigger brains relative to our bodies by far than any other animal. We're smarter, we're more flexible, we can learn more, we survive in more different environments, we migrated to cover the world and even go to outer space. And our babies and children are dependent on us for much longer than the babies of any other species. My son is 23. (Laughter) And at least until they're 23, we're still popping those worms into those little open mouths.
All right, why would we see this correlation? Well an idea is that that strategy, that learning strategy, is an extremely powerful, great strategy for getting on in the world, but it has one big disadvantage. And that one big disadvantage is that, until you actually do all that learning, you're going to be helpless. So you don't want to have the mastodon charging at you and be saying to yourself, "A slingshot or maybe a spear might work. Which would actually be better?" You want to know all that before the mastodons actually show up. And the way the evolutions seems to have solved that problem is with a kind of division of labor. So the idea is that we have this early period when we're completely protected. We don't have to do anything. All we have to do is learn. And then as adults, we can take all those things that we learned when we were babies and children and actually put them to work to do things out there in the world.
So one way of thinking about it is that babies and young children are like the research and development division of the human species. So they're the protected blue sky guys who just have to go out and learn and have good ideas, and we're production and marketing. We have to take all those ideas that we learned when we were children and actually put them to use. Another way of thinking about it is instead of thinking of babies and children as being like defective grownups, we should think about them as being a different developmental stage of the same species -- kind of like caterpillars and butterflies -- except that they're actually the brilliant butterflies who are flitting around the garden and exploring, and we're the caterpillars who are inching along our narrow, grownup, adult path.
If this is true, if these babies are designed to learn -- and this evolutionary story would say children are for learning, that's what they're for -- we might expect that they would have really powerful learning mechanisms. And in fact, the baby's brain seems to be the most powerful learning computer on the planet. But real computers are actually getting to be a lot better. And there's been a revolution in our understanding of machine learning recently. And it all depends on the ideas of this guy, the Reverend Thomas Bayes, who was a statistician and mathematician in the 18th century. And essentially what Bayes did was to provide a mathematical way using probability theory to characterize, describe, the way that scientists find out about the world. So what scientists do is they have a hypothesis that they think might be likely to start with. They go out and test it against the evidence. The evidence makes them change that hypothesis. Then they test that new hypothesis and so on and so forth. And what Bayes showed was a mathematical way that you could do that. And that mathematics is at the core of the best machine learning programs that we have now. And some 10 years ago, I suggested that babies might be doing the same thing.
So if you want to know what's going on underneath those beautiful brown eyes, I think it actually looks something like this. This is Reverend Bayes's notebook. So I think those babies are actually making complicated calculations with conditional probabilities that they're revising to figure out how the world works. All right, now that might seem like an even taller order to actually demonstrate. Because after all, if you ask even grownups about statistics, they look extremely stupid. How could it be that children are doing statistics?
So to test this we used a machine that we have called the Blicket Detector. This is a box that lights up and plays music when you put some things on it and not others. And using this very simple machine, my lab and others have done dozens of studies showing just how good babies are at learning about the world. Let me mention just one that we did with Tumar Kushner, my student. If I showed you this detector, you would be likely to think to begin with that the way to make the detector go would be to put a block on top of the detector. But actually, this detector works in a bit of a strange way. Because if you wave a block over the top of the detector, something you wouldn't ever think of to begin with, the detector will actually activate two out of three times. Whereas, if you do the likely thing, put the block on the detector, it will only activate two out of six times. So the unlikely hypothesis actually has stronger evidence. It looks as if the waving is a more effective strategy than the other strategy. So we did just this; we gave four year-olds this pattern of evidence, and we just asked them to make it go. And sure enough, the four year-olds used the evidence to wave the object on top of the detector.
Now there are two things that are really interesting about this. The first one is, again, remember, these are four year-olds. They're just learning how to count. But unconsciously, they're doing these quite complicated calculations that will give them a conditional probability measure. And the other interesting thing is that they're using that evidence to get to an idea, get to a hypothesis about the world, that seems very unlikely to begin with. And in studies we've just been doing in my lab, similar studies, we've show that four year-olds are actually better at finding out an unlikely hypothesis than adults are when we give them exactly the same task. So in these circumstances, the children are using statistics to find out about the world, but after all, scientists also do experiments, and we wanted to see if children are doing experiments. When children do experiments we call it "getting into everything" or else "playing."
And there's been a bunch of interesting studies recently that have shown this playing around is really a kind of experimental research program. Here's one from Cristine Legare's lab. What Cristine did was use our Blicket Detectors. And what she did was show children that yellow ones made it go and red ones didn't, and then she showed them an anomaly. And what you'll see is that this little boy will go through five hypotheses in the space of two minutes.
(Video) Boy: How about this? Same as the other side.
Alison Gopnik: Okay, so his first hypothesis has just been falsified.
(Laughter)
Boy: This one lighted up, and this one nothing.
AG: Okay, he's got his experimental notebook out.
Boy: What's making this light up. (Laughter) I don't know.
AG: Every scientist will recognize that expression of despair.
(Laughter)
Boy: Oh, it's because this needs to be like this, and this needs to be like this.
AG: Okay, hypothesis two.
Boy: That's why. Oh.
(Laughter)
AG: Now this is his next idea. He told the experimenter to do this, to try putting it out onto the other location. Not working either.
Boy: Oh, because the light goes only to here, not here. Oh, the bottom of this box has electricity in here, but this doesn't have electricity.
AG: Okay, that's a fourth hypothesis.
Boy: It's lighting up. So when you put four. So you put four on this one to make it light up and two on this one to make it light up.
AG: Okay,there's his fifth hypothesis.
Now that is a particularly -- that is a particularly adorable and articulate little boy, but what Cristine discovered is this is actually quite typical. If you look at the way children play, when you ask them to explain something, what they really do is do a series of experiments. This is actually pretty typical of four year-olds.
Well, what's it like to be this kind of creature? What's it like to be one of these brilliant butterflies who can test five hypotheses in two minutes? Well, if you go back to those psychologists and philosophers, a lot of them have said that babies and young children were barely conscious if they were conscious at all. And I think just the opposite is true. I think babies and children are actually more conscious than we are as adults. Now here's what we know about how adult consciousness works. And adults' attention and consciousness look kind of like a spotlight. So what happens for adults is we decide that something's relevant or important, we should pay attention to it. Our consciousness of that thing that we're attending to becomes extremely bright and vivid, and everything else sort of goes dark. And we even know something about the way the brain does this.
So what happens when we pay attention is that the prefrontal cortex, the sort of executive part of our brains, sends a signal that makes a little part of our brain much more flexible, more plastic, better at learning, and shuts down activity in all the rest of our brains. So we have a very focused, purpose-driven kind of attention. If we look at babies and young children, we see something very different. I think babies and young children seem to have more of a lantern of consciousness than a spotlight of consciousness. So babies and young children are very bad at narrowing down to just one thing. But they're very good at taking in lots of information from lots of different sources at once. And if you actually look in their brains, you see that they're flooded with these neurotransmitters that are really good at inducing learning and plasticity, and the inhibitory parts haven't come on yet. So when we say that babies and young children are bad at paying attention, what we really mean is that they're bad at not paying attention. So they're bad at getting rid of all the interesting things that could tell them something and just looking at the thing that's important. That's the kind of attention, the kind of consciousness, that we might expect from those butterflies who are designed to learn.
Well if we want to think about a way of getting a taste of that kind of baby consciousness as adults, I think the best thing is think about cases where we're put in a new situation that we've never been in before -- when we fall in love with someone new, or when we're in a new city for the first time. And what happens then is not that our consciousness contracts, it expands, so that those three days in Paris seem to be more full of consciousness and experience than all the months of being a walking, talking, faculty meeting-attending zombie back home. And by the way, that coffee, that wonderful coffee you've been drinking downstairs, actually mimics the effect of those baby neurotransmitters. So what's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after you've had three double-espressos. (Laughter) That's a fantastic way to be, but it does tend to leave you waking up crying at three o'clock in the morning.
(Laughter)
Now it's good to be a grownup. I don't want to say too much about how wonderful babies are. It's good to be a grownup. We can do things like tie our shoelaces and cross the street by ourselves. And it makes sense that we put a lot of effort into making babies think like adults do. But if what we want is to be like those butterflies, to have open-mindedness, open learning, imagination, creativity, innovation, maybe at least some of the time we should be getting the adults to start thinking more like children.
(Applause)