I'll bet a lot of you folks don't believe that.
I'm trying to watch this show.
I'm sure you two are gonna be the best of friends.
I already know what happened.
Besides, my husband is probably having the time of his life in America.
You ought to be a little more honest about your feelings.
I wish it would always be this happy and simple for them.
I thought you were going to the movies with me today.
I'm only informing you out of courtesy and respect.
We won't get the happiness we seek in this world.
You're a figment of my imagination.
He's only trying to be friendly.
I really hate to do this.
Thank you for attending our 30th wedding anniversary.
You're no longer the man I married.
I reserved the whole place for you.
We shouldn't be doing things so openly.
Your dad found it in the garbage.
I thought I'd never see you again.
You don't look so good today.
I didn't want you to be disappointed.
It was less than 10,000 years ago.
We could afford just one air-conditioner.
Your mom must've been really beautiful.
I was a good student since childhood.

Just what do you think you're up to, ladies?
Where are you going to stay in Manila?
Were they recruited from some other team?
Do we have to go over that again, Papa?
Don't you know that it's bad luck to keep a plant with thorns inside the house?
Are we just going to plant vegetables here for the rest of our lives?
Is he still hoping that Hermes will come back?
Aren't you a clever kitty ?
Alonzo, darling, could I see you for a moment... privately?
Do you think you can handle the champ?
Why were you gone for so long?
How come you didn't know your brother was struggling?
Did you make any new friends?
Why do you do these things to me?
Would you like to make a statement?
What is the bureau doing about it?
Do you have a problem at home?
Does he like to eat standing up?
Why are you playing badminton in front of my house?
Yes, do you know how badly I need to get there?
Could you say something into the microphone?
Do you have a last wish?
What do you want me to do with this?
What are you doing with that car?
In January of 1959, how old were you?

Now go to sleep, my little mermaid.
Go ahead, make a fool of yourself.
Let's get outta here before something else happens.
And don't spend your time lookin' around for something you want that can't be found.
Let's go away right now.
Please call him instead of Mom.
No running in the hall!
Turn it on when I tell you.
Get us all the wood you can for this much, please.
Come back here, you ugly little freak!
Tell your husband and son to come here!
Better go tell him there's more trouble brewing.
Please leave us for a moment.
Tell Oltuski the money will be put to good use.
Go clean up before class starts.
Sir, kindly switch off your mobile phone.
Now get my brother from the airport.
Take care of Shinji for me, dear.
Take me out of the project.
Just stand in the corner, my child.
But just answer me this one question.
Let's go fill out the paperwork.
Let's bring up our contestants for the last time.
Please don't let him know I'm here.
Do not enter that mountain without me.

That cheap stench will get on me, too!
They've been waiting for us at home!
Don't make trouble in someone's house!
My name is Kim Honey!
You can't even keep your own hands clean!
I've never received anything like this all my life!
Pal, that's all the possible we need!
You just said you loved me!
I know that this promotion means you'll have less time for me and our son!
I told you there are no monsters!
That's not how you deal with this problem!
Don't interrogate me like I'm one of your suspects!
Don't talk about my dad like that!
I know I've made a mistake!
You've got 100 on the exam!
That scoundrel Rancho is messing with your mind!
We're running out of time!
I just had some business with Ritsuko!
All I need faith in is myself!
Don't tell me what to do!
I'll remember to make it tomorrow!
Father, you don't understand anything!
I'm not accomplishing a thing here!
No Ayanami exists except for you!
Oh Dre, I am so excited!

No, somebody stole him and sent me this note.
I've sold my house in Manila and decided to invest in real estate here.
I didn't want to risk the car conking out on the road, so I came here instead.
He doesn't need my good name to boost his reputation because he doesn't care what people say.
Your tickets are confirmed, but Sergio says he needs money for a new tux.
Well, I thought you'd like to know that she found herself a new guy and they're out at the Saint Pierre Club, having fun at your expense.
I told you, a fire had broken out and I was trying to save the school.
I promise you that I'll always be there for you, but you've gotta promise to be good from now on.
He has this flatulence problem and he's eating a pizza, and it's her.
It's gonna be a short game, and I gotta get home for lunch.
I didn't know what that meant, but Benny had a dream that night too, and his was a lot more helpful.
That's nice of you, but that ball really is signed by Babe Ruth.
We'll let the cops leave and then we'll cross the river.
This isn't the reason I can't breathe but that light over there!
I wish you can forget all of these so I can be confident when I'm with you.
We've been travelling together so long... but I haven't seen her smile once.
But I so much want a new pair because I really love sports.
My son's really smart, but even he can't pass without cheating.
There was a terrible accident, and your dad passed away.
I can't speak for the rest but this is one of the finest colleges in the country.
I wanted to capture all these memories and take them home.
Man survives by forgetting his memories, but there are some things a man should never forget.
You've seen only with your eyes, so you are easy to fool.
Yes, I got the tickets, and I got an extra one for Mr. Han.
Well, excuse me, but I'm the only one that came up with a clue!

So you've seen them, but you reject them?
She made us dinner and this is how you pay her back?
I haven't had anything yet, so how can I have some more of nothing?
You see each other by accident, but nothing's happening?
Do you have plans to own a meat shop and make a pig out of your daughter?
She got you drunk and now you're apologizing to her?
I don't have anything against Jorge Sotús, but how can you let someone with no experience take charge of the troops?
And it can walk and move its eyes?
You're not any threat, and they let someone like you be an Eva pilot?
You attack my students and disrespect my studio?
You want me to get down on my knees and beg you to come back?
Too busy to talk to the cops, but free to take Nelson to dinner?
Yeah, we know that from your card, but who are you?
Did he find out what you're doing and threatened to expose you?
So, Dylan, want me to help you get it back all together so we can frame it?
Listen, Officer, I hate putting it this way, but... do you know who I am?
So, you trust me now, or are you just desperate?
The fortune-teller, Ms. Park, mentioned it, do you remember that?
I don't understand, you want me to move you?
So who is this person and what does their other faces look like?
We're allowed to leave, so, why are we staying?
You took all the money three years ago, and you dare to talk about money?
Would you rather take the ambulance with a broken back, or walk out on your own?
I'm uploading Madam Kim's file as requested, so can you please take a look?
Did you take a jacket out to wear because it was cold or did someone raid your truck en route?

Prove yourself brave, truthful and unselfish, and someday you will be a real boy.
Hurry up and pack your things.
Then get a pencil and a pair of notebooks and put them in your backpack.
Take your math notebook out and do some work.
Study hard and be a useful person in the future.
Get inside and go to sleep.
Look, give me those pictures you took of my bookkeeping records and give them to me now!
Suck in your stomach and walk thusly.
Go to your room and lock the door.
Leave my mother and end her misery.
Then bring Lee Soo-min's phone and meet me here tomorrow at 1:00.
Just get a kid around her age, in a school uniform, and take a picture in front of the school.
Don't be late, wear your uniforms properly, and focus, the tests are right around the corner.
So, you go inside, and let them know all of your concerns.
Drop the gun or you'll die!
Catch the person who scammed me and find my mom.
I will make sure nothing happens to you, so please stay by my side.
Do this for me and I will make all your dreams come true.
Just don't share too much and be careful with your drink.
Just hold on and secure your seatbelt.
Say yes so we can eat noodles!
Please continue with the procedure so I can get smarter.
Rush to Duong's place now, gather all the puppets, and bring them to my place.
Rush home and tell your father to gather everyone together and allow no one to roam around on their own.
Calm yourself, sir, and listen to me!

We go through all the trouble of stealing your racer, and you still win!
She can't talk, she's in shock!
It was so dark and there were a lot of monsters!
Your face may be pretty but your attitude stinks!
Then there was a theft and we learned that he couldn't see at night!
I'm different than them, I'm special!
I don't believe it, it's delicious!
Don't be pathetic and get the old ones on sale!
You're the one who came up with this weird plan... so don't tell me you can't do it!
That was a test and you failed it!
You're like children, you can't understand simple instructions!
I was on my way home from work and I saw Mother sitting in the garden like a new bride!
They made Yun-beom feel guilty all his life for taking him in, so they should've at least come to apologize!
So I didn't divorce him, but he still keeps ordering me around!
It's her fault, she did this to him!
I couldn't get into medical school, and I never dated anyone, so you were embarrassed of me!
I told you before, I don't want to bathe!
It's sinking and we haven't even started yet!
It's soft and it smells great!
Let's knock on those doors and I'm sure we'll find gin!
I may be stressed, but now, I have clear skin!
We'll do our best and we will beat them!
We're already the headliner, and now we'll be the opening act!
I may look stupid on TV, but I'm not in person!
I'm doing everything to fix your relationship with Sylvia, yet you keep screwing it up!

After everything she's done, I'll settle this once and for all.
As I stood there warming myself, I took a look around.
There, this will be your home, where I can find you always.
Since Peping's death, no one bothered to manage the estate.
If we were still rich, I'd definitely wear clothes like those.
I have no choice but to call your mother if you keep quiet like that.
When one guy would move away, we never replaced him on the team with anyone else.
When my promotion was announced, you had no reaction.
I'm sure he's been stressed out since we moved suddenly and he had to transfer abruptly.
The real estate agent said the house would be empty for a while since they had a situation.
I can't run up to the fifth floor because my knees are worn out.
You know, because you keep avoiding my calls, my misunderstanding just keeps growing.
You know, if she lived here, I'm going to be so happy.
If not for her, this would not have happened to my daughter.
When he met my mother, we moved to a farm that belonged to Juanito Echevarria.
Unlike you, I don't have a rich dad I can live off.
I doubt you'll go for the interview after reading this
That's because when you look at reality, it's easy to get hurt.
Well, if that's everything for the moment I think I'll take a break.
I do not care who takes responsibility.
You're never going to find a man if you're always that tense.
We'll leave as soon as we get our cat.
It's only illegal if you get caught.
I'll buy you that book... if you have coffee with me.
When you're in love you can't put your phone down.

If you had a wife as sweet and beautiful as mine, why would you want a night life?
Can't you open your heart to me even just a bit, with whatever little love you can spare?
And to prove you're proud of me, why don't we have our picnic in your clubhouse?
You think people will buy that juice drink you're holding if you're as listless... and lifeless as that?
Sir, since the last victim is alive, will the case be finally solved?
If there's nothing wrong, then why doesn't she remember anything?
When I asked this question, were you excited?
If you don't study and earn, how will she marry?
With such fear of tomorrow, how'll you live today?
Starting today, to avoid confusion we'll go by our first names, okay?
You should go talk to her, unless you're scared?
Architect, since you're here, why don't you try your suit on?
Will someone get mad if we go out tomorrow?
First, he tied you down to a debt of gratitude, then he imprisoned you in his loneliness.
Where did your shame go when you went out with both my husband and son?
I'm sorry, did I just say that all out loud?
How come the only time you actually make sense, is when it involves me humiliating myself?
Well, did you see him go back in the bar after he called Detective Winters?
Did you check the house phone to see if we had any messages?
Will you do the same thing to me if I am in Mom's condition?
If you could tell your parents one more time, do you think you could change their mind?
How can you lecture me when you're setting her up for disaster all over again?
Was the video intentionally cut because you wanted to ruin me?
If you go skydiving, why are you scared of this?
Well, but where would we be if everyone thought like that?

Uh, Bugler, when the man cub is sighted, you will sound your trumpet three times.
If you don't want me to tell your husband about this, keep your claws off my man.
Dress up on Monday because I'm calling all the news outlets.
Raise your hand if you get the answer.
Call me when you find her!
Ask Aunt Sari who should perform first.
But for the last five episodes, sit through a commercial featuring us.
No matter what comes, stay on the path!
Make sure you eat before you leave.
If you can't catch the killer, don't take it out on our son!
If you have a way out, use it.
If you want a suit made, please go down stairs.
When I tell you not to do it... just don't do it!
If you have any belongings or pictures you'd like to leave, put them in here.
Be careful not to get hurt while digging things up like your husband did.
Don't do it when I tell you not to.
Read that line as if your voice is on fire!
If you want to set them free, you must pay!
If you're in favor of Ji-hoon's execution, press the like button.
Please knock before you come in.
Eat this if you're hungry.
If you think you can beat me, give it a shot.
Don't give him water when he wakes up.
Tell me where you got those pills.
Bring it to me as soon as it's ready.

And when you are growing too old, you will make good firewood!
She's leaving because she's scared!
If you slack off, or if you die, then I will burn you to death myself!
If you respect me, you will respect everyone who lives here!
If you'd only look deeper, there's life in me!
No matter what happens, you have to stop them!
If we were your kids, we'd punish ourselves!
When I catch that killer, I will crush him to pieces!
But if you hit jackpot then you've created history!
If you can use your own brains to get over 60 then I'll leave you alone forever!
I didn't have time to cook last night because of homework!
We do not stop when our enemy is down!
When you get back to your family business... then you can walk away from this project!
Because I bet you, I'm a damn better lover!
As long as I am alive, you will never, never be promoted to wife!
Sari, if you can't get a cab, you'll miss the bus!
And if there's one thing I know, it's that he's innocent!
But I couldn't even remember the line because of last night's date debacle!
And you know what, If you keep doing this our friendship's over!
You wouldn't like him when he's angry!
It's a little different, when it's real!
I didn't raise you to turn your back on me when I needed you the most!
I'll report myself next time if you can't!
She wants to leave because you keep saying you hate her and are afraid of her!
I'll get you a bottle if you want it right now!

If we play our cards right, we'll be on Easy Street, or my name isn't Honest John.
Seung Jae gets excellent grades, and he has never had any trouble with his classmates since he transferred.
I once fell in love with a girl, and through schemes and betrayals by my best friend, she came to think I was nothing more than a He-Man Woman Hater.
I hope that what I've done here today hasn't forced you to have a negative opinion of me or how you think I feel about the great state of South Carolina, because I love it here.
Right out of high school, straight into the military, realized you'd never be all you thought you could be and that's how you ended up as a rent-a-cop.
When we arrived in the towns, people received us with open arms, and many of them even joined us.
Thanks to them, the carbon drained from the atmosphere and other life forms could develop.
According to his Facebook page, which I only go to about 20 times a day, he works out here every day, so we might run into him.
You know, Cyril said something about J-Cub doing accounting work for Ramone, But you know, obviously I couldn't understand most of it cause his accent is thicker than Borat's.
Oh, this is my Mom's birthday, and I wrote it on here so that I would remember to send her a card.
Come hell or high water, we're gonna find a way to dock and get you off that ship!
Well, um, CEO embezzling millions from a company down in Texas, where everybody's packing some kind of heat, and he was the kind of guy to use it if cornered, so got a little intrigue along with the number-crunching.
And I hate to be the bearer of more bad news, but when I was looking into things, Atlantic City PD told me that two more bodies have been discovered in Upstate New York, near where they found your other friend.
We got to talk fast, because cops are on the way to a body count and we got to put some distance between us and them.
But you call me dirty one more time, and I don't care if we're standing in front of the statue of the Holy Mother, I will give you that beating that I owe you right here.
Well, he was so polite and smart, so of course they were, but none of them were enough for him in my eyes.
I thought I would avoid him if I ever met him, but strangely enough, I became curious.
If you like, I can drag you up the stage but I don't wanna go there.
These people are telling us these horrible stories, but we have to, ourselves, experience this before we accept it.
I remember being choked, but I don't remember anything else when I blacked out or if I even blacked out or what happened.
I asked why his name was spelled that way, and he said it was because he loves bread.
Mr. Ryu's been looking for you, asking me where you went, so I told him I sent you to see a doctor because you looked off.
When you weren't around today, I kept wondering about you and I'm missing you.
It's all black money, so no one would report me even if I lost everything.
You have the right to an attorney, and if you cannot afford one, one will be provided for you by the government.

Listen, could you resolve the problem if you follow the instructions?
Now, I'm not here to tell you how to live your life, but are you really certain you want me to give you a new face because you wanted to?
I'm sorry, but could I just have a quick look around, if you don't mind?
Is this still a joke to you, or are you not comprehending because you're not the one that they're gossiping about?
I'm only asking this out of guilt, but are you avoiding me because I asked you to go out with me?
Okay, you've got one choice if you wanna go faster, and that's to let me up there, got it?
If it's bothering you, why don't you just sit with him and talk about it?
When you do this, would you play with the people at home in your mind or would you play with the room in your mind?
But now that you're old and sick, your love for me is suddenly rekindled and you want to cling to me?
You could have found it before it died, but you didn't, did you?
You could not stop praising me when you wanted me, but are you getting picky now that I am here?
If we are here to apologize, should we bow and brownnose them?
Tanguy calls me this morning, the day after the World Cup, no less, even though I'm not involved in the case, because you asked him to, and now you change your mind?
You're talking to a guy from the future, and you're the only one on the planet who can talk to him?
When you look back on this trip, I want you to remember you and me spending time together, not you waiting for your boyfriend to call, all right?
He always calls the cops on us, but he's got like 400 acres, so what does he care if we get wasted in the way back of his land, you know?
Remember when I was convinced Glenn made my heart race, or that time I thought I was gonna pass out because I was upside down?
I waited for you through your stupid rehab, and now you're shipping out of town, showing up with a couple hundred bucks when you owe me 15 grand?
Okay, Mom, off the top of my head, would you rather have your husband die or give away all his stuff without asking us if we wanted any of it?
I know that you're very supportive of my mother, but also, isn't there a 19-year-old with daddy issues in this restaurant somewhere whose self-esteem you should be absolutely destroying?
You liked me when I was a little baby that you could boss around, and now you don't, you don't want any part of actual, real, messy, grown-up Paul, okay?
You know, I was thinking about choosing a Shrek character, because it's my favorite, but I don't know, this moon is really speaking to me, right?
If I can get this little birdie into his cup, will you agree to, at best, go home with me and, at worst, we hit the dance floor and have a good time?
So you think I'm just going to drop a case and go back to making it with you like this conversation never happened?
I'm supposed to throw away everything that I've built because my brother returns from Vietnam and goes back to work for the monster that ruined our lives?

Don't you talk to them or don't even go near them because I know for sure they'll just cause trouble.
Just make sure you don't exclude Alex from the story, and tell them everything, even to your grandmother.
But if you would be so kind, please keep our conversations secret, so that I'm not harassed, like E.T. or The Iron Giant, or Splash, or the classic, The Shape of Water.
Costa's Socialists are lagging behind, but if you need to talk to me, go ahead.
I know you're there, so hurry up and show yourselves.
If you find yourself in a life or death situation, give up on love and choose your life.
While you're studying, go on a trip sometime, or visit art museums.
And your punches, use them on your opponent in the ring, not on innocent people.
Regardless of whether they had a name or not, take them to the principal and apologize.
Please pick them up when you have the chance and bring them to the police station.
Let's clean this up and head back down before they come back.
I'm worried, so call me when you read the text.
Go to the streets of Oakland and ask them him how they say "twenty", 'cause I'm in the streets and I used to...
Take that right hand, as best you can, and see how far you can get it before you have to stop.
Tell him we have the family, and if he doesn't want them hurt, he should give himself up.
Leave by the time I count to three, or I'll arrest you as an accomplice.
Once you reach the edge of the mountain, go to the main road and find help
Pack your bags and get ready because Nizar is taking you to Germany.
Take a look and see if there are any rooms available.
Listen, Wednesday, one fun fact about me... I can't be bought, so either wait, or find someone else to drive you.
Listen, when you're out there in the wild and those animals come after you, remember to change your colors and blend in.
Let's stop yelling at each other and look for the sheet music together, and when we come home later, I will fix this.
Shut up and stop fighting if you don't want to die too.
Tell the pilot he needs to slow down before he gets close to the airport, or he won't make it.
The moment Genya is conscious, let's take her and make sure the others understand what awaits them if they are disloyal.

I will experience happiness, even just once in my life, and I don't care if the man who can give that to me is a former stable boy!
I wanted to know how the rumors started, so I asked around, and everything led back to her, the tteokbokki granny!
I won't let her grow up with a woman like you, you know why, because you're a good-for-nothing mother!
At the end of the year, our three 5th grade classes compete in art, debating, science, and history, and if our class wins, we get a trip to Magic Land Park!
I feel more nauseous every time you come to me and kiss me after sleeping with another woman!
Tell me where the Jew's gold is, or I start shooting people, one after the other, until you tell me where it is!
Vanessa outed me when I was 17 and nearly ruined my life, and now she's trying to ruin it again!
You guys, you're gonna get back out there and you're gonna do it again until you get it right!
I swallowed it all and kept going, and now you're going to be able to see again because of me, because I paid for your surgery!
Yeah, but he couldn't go to jail because there's no jail cell large enough for a man that size, so this is what we have!
I understand if you don't trust us, but this is how it had to be!
Look, Ashit, if the shooters aren't from your gang, the Crime Branch has thrown a full pitch, and I wanna be the first one to hit it out of the park!
So we will select and bring back only those people who are valuable enough to live in the new world!
Join me and together we'll create an ideal world where everyone respects each other and laughs with one another!
We may not be strong enough by ourselves, but if we come together, we can become an immense force!
He is having an allergy attack, so he can't talk because of the nuts we put in the sandwich!
I may not be as educated as you are, but don't treat me like I'm stupid because I'm not an idiot!
So I said a few things to him, but he threw a huge fit at me, when I'm like his brother!
They don't even know if they actually exist, but they're always bothered by them!
Give me a proper answer or else losing your fingers will be the least of your concerns because I'll chop your whole hand off!
When I heard your voice over the phone, I knew that you were pretty, but you're beautiful!
My business is legally registered, and I'm operating my farm without any legal problems, so if you have any issues, go file a complaint or sue me!
You were always too busy with the mill to make me a birthday meal, but when Kang-ho got into SNU, you even closed the mill and threw him a feast!
Lock her up in a hospital and keep her there until the election is over!
If she's giving birth to a fatherless child, she can stay unmarried and raise the baby on her own!